Page 1 of 5 
 
 
 
1. 
NON DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT 
 
 
This agreement made this _______ Day of _____ Month ______ Year  between the 
President of India through the Director (Name of Lab/Estt), hereinafter referred to 
as “First Party” on the one part and the ________________ Firm Name with address 
_______________ (“Second Party”) herein after referred as “Receiving Party”  
which expression shall unless it be repugnant to or inconsistent with subject or 
context thereof, include and be deemed to include their Heirs, Executers, 
Successors or Administrators and permitted assigns on the other part. 
 
Hereafter collectively referred to as the “Parties” or individually as the “Party”. 
 
WHEREAS, First Party/Lab/Estt. (Disclosing Party) possess certain sensitive and 
confidential information and desires to disclose it to the Firm (the Receiving 
Party) to further co-development relationship between the Parties subject to the 
Terms and Conditions of this Agreement. 
 
NOW IT IS AGREED AND DECLARED BY AND BETWEEN THE PARTIES AS FOLLOWS : 
 
 
When Confidential information is disclosed in writing or other tangible form, the 
information shall be marked “CONFIDENTIAL” or with similar legend on each 
page containing Confidential information.  When Confidential information is 
disclosed orally, visually or in any other intangible form, such information shall be 
identified as confidential at the time of disclosure, subsequently summarized and 
confirmed in writing within Thirty (30) days from the initial disclosure, referring the 
date of disclosure. 
 
 
Identification 
Annexure – ‘A’ 

Page 2 of 5 
 
2. 
 
The Receiving Party shall protect the confidential information disclosed by the 
First Party with appropriate care. 
 
Standard of Care 
a. 
Receiving Party shall communicate to First Party in writing the list of 
nominated persons for receiving confidential information. 
 
b. 
Confidential information should not be communicated through phone, 
fax, or email.  Confidential information should be exchanged only through 
signed letters. 
 
c. 
When confidential information is received by Receiving Party, the 
Receiving Party should acknowledge the receipt of confidential 
information in writing. 
 
d. 
Receiving Party should not
 
 discuss the confidential information disclosed 
by First Party with any Third Party, within Government Organizations or 
outside Government Organizations without the prior written approval of 
Director/First Party.  The Firm agrees to promptly notify First Party of any 
misuse/misappropriation/loss/comprise of the confidential information. 
3. 
Either Party’s failure to enforce any provision, right or remedy under this 
agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such provision, right or remedy. 
 
4. 
This Agreement will be construed in, interpreted and applied to 
accordance with the laws of India. 
 
5. 
 
For the term of this Agreement and Ten (10) years thereafter, the Receiving Party 
shall neither disclose the First Party’s confidential information to any Party other 
than its Employees who have express need to know in the context of the 
relevant co-development. 
 
Confidentiality Period 

Page 3 of 5 
 
6. 
 
No obligation shall be imposed regarding confidential information if the 
Receiving Party can demonstrate that the confidential information: 
 
Exceptions 
(a)   
is or becomes thereafter available to the public through no breach of 
this Agreement; 
 
(b)   
is disclosed pursuant to governmental or judicial order requirement. 
 
7. 
 
The Receiving Party shall return to the First Party, or at the discretion of the First 
Party certify the destruction of all copies of the First Party’s confidential 
information upon written request of First Party. 
 
Return of Materials 
8. 
 
Nothing herein constitutes a license or other transfer of rights in respect of either 
Party’s interest in any Confidential information disclosed pursuant to this 
Agreement. 
 
No License 
9. 
 
The Term of this agreement is Five (5) years from the effective Date, however, 
those Sections 5, 6, 8 and 11 hereof shall survive even after expiration or 
termination hereof. 
 
Term 
10. 
 
No assignment, modification, or waiver of any Term of this Agreement shall be 
effective unless set forth in writing and signed by an Authorized Representative of 
each Party.  No failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement shall be 
construed as waiver. 
 
Assignment, Modification and Waiver 

Page 4 of 5 
 
11. 
 
Difference of opinion, if any, arising during the period of this Agreement, 
concerning the execution of the responsibilities will be settled on the basis of 
mutual consultation by the signatories or their designated nominees.  The parties 
will make best possible efforts to resolve the dispute and in case of their failure to 
do so and reconciling the dispute mutually, the same shall be referred for 
Arbitration. 
 
Dispute Resolution 
12. 
 
Any question, dispute or difference arising under the Contract (except as to any 
matter, the decision of which is specifically provided for) shall be refereed to the 
Sole Arbitration of the Scientific Advisor to Raksha Mantri.  It will not be valid 
objection that the Arbitrator is Government Servant and that he had to deal with 
the matters to which the Agreement relates or that in the course of his duties as 
a Government Servant he had expressed views on all or any of the matters, 
disputes or difference.  The Award of the Arbitrator shall be final and binding on 
both the Parties.  The Arbitrator shall be entitled to extend time of award by the 
consent of the Parties from time to time.  The venue of Arbitration shall be New 
Delhi or any other Place as may be decided by the Arbitrator and the expenses 
of the Arbitration shall be at the discretion of the Arbitrator.  Subject as aforesaid, 
the Arbitration and Conciliation Act 1996 and the Rules there under and any 
statuary modification thereof for the time being in force shall be deemed to 
apply to the Arbitration proceedings under this condition.  
 
Arbitration 
13. 
 
This Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between the Parties with 
respect to the matters covered by this Agreement, supersedes all prior 
agreements and understandings with respect thereof, and may only be 
amended in writing signed by both Parties. 
 
Entire Agreement 
 

Page 5 of 5 
 
14. 
 
This Agreement shall be binding and inure to the benefit of the undersigned 
Parties, their Successors and Assigns. 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement to be executed 
as the effective date written above when signed below by their duly authorized 
representatives. 
 
 
Binding Effect 
For Lab/Estt./First Party 
For Firm/Second Party 
Name 
:  
Name 
:  
Designation :  
Designation 
:  
Address 
:  
Address 
:  
Date 
:  
Date 
:  
 

Page 1 of 3 
 
 
1. 
Definitions
 
In this Non Disclosure Agreement the following terms shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, have the following meanings : 
 
 : 
1.1 
‘Disclosing Party’ or ‘First Party’ means DRDO Lab/Estt. disclosing 
Confidential Information to the Vendor/Seller/Development Partner 
under this Agreement. 
 
1.2 
‘Receiving Party’ means the Vendor/Seller/Development Partner 
receiving Confidential Information from DRDO Lab/Estt. under this 
Agreement. 
 
1.3 
‘Confidential Information’ means any information, which shall include 
but is not limited to, design, fabrication and assembly drawings, 
know-how, processes, product specifications, raw materials, product 
samples, inventions, concepts and any other technical and/or 
commercial information, disclosed directly or indirectly and in any 
form whatsoever (including, but not limited to, disclosure made in 
writing, oral or in the form of samples, models, computer 
programmes, drawings or other instruments) furnished by the 
Disclosing Party to the Receiving Party under this Agreement. 
 
1.3.1 Such Confidential Information shall also include but shall not be 
limited to: 
 
1.3.1.1 information disclosed by the Disclosing Party/First Party  
in writing marked as confidential at the time of 
disclosure; 
 
1.3.1.2 information disclosed by the Disclosing Party/First Party  
orally which is slated to be confidential at the time of 
disclosure; 
Annexure – ‘B’ 

Page 2 of 3 
 
1.3.1.3 information 
disclosed 
in 
any 
other 
manner 
is 
designated in writing as Confidential Information at the 
time of disclosure; or 
 
1.3.1.4 notwithstanding sub-clauses 1.3.1.1, 1.3.1.2 and 1.3.1.3 
of this definition, any information whose nature makes 
it obvious that it is confidential. 
 
1.3.2 Such Confidential Information shall not include any information 
which: 
 
1.3.2.1 is, at the time of disclosure, publicly known; or 
 
1.3.2.2 becomes at a later date, publicly available otherwise 
than a wrongful act or negligence or breach of this 
Agreement of or by the Receiving Party; or 
 
1.3.2.3 the Receiving Party can demonstrate by its written 
records was in its possession, or known to the Receiving 
Party, before receipt under this Agreement, and which 
was not previously acquired under an obligation of 
confidentiality; or  
 
1.3.2.4 is legitimately obtained at any time by the Receiving 
Party from a third Party without restrictions in respect of 
disclosure or use; or 
 
1.3.2.5 the 
Receiving 
Party 
can 
demonstrate 
to 
the 
satisfaction 
of 
the 
Disclosing 
Party, 
has 
been 
developed independently of its obligations under this 
Agreement and without access to the Confidential 
Information. 
 
 
 
 

Page 3 of 3 
 
2. 
Administrative Instructions
 
: 
2.1 
Authority of the Signatory of Receiving Party in NDA shall be 
established prior to signing of NDA. Preferably, a letter should be 
obtained from CEO/MD of the Receiving Party authorizing a named 
senior level official to sign NDA on their behalf. Only such authorised 
Senior Level Officer should sign the NDA document on behalf of 
Receiving Party/Second Party. 
 
2.2 
The confidentiality of the documents shall also be maintained by the 
Consortium Partners of the Suppliers/Receiving Party. 
 
2.3 
The Labs/Estts./Programmes are advised to enter into this NDA in all 
Contracts wherein any Confidential Information is being shared with 
the Receiving Party/Second Party.  
 
  
 
 

