Page | 1  
 
ANNEXURE-3 
 
Non-Disclosure Agreement (NDA) 
 
THIS NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT is made on this …….. day (date) of…… (Year) By 
and between UJVN Ltd., a corporation incorporated under and having its principle place of 
business at UJVN Ltd, “UJJWAL”, Maharani Bagh, GMS Road Dehradun (hereinafter called 
“the Employer”), and which expression shall include its permitted successors and assigns of 
the first part 
 
And 
 
M/s……………………………. is registered under the Company ACT having its registered/ 
corporate office at ………………………………………………….. (herein referred to as 
“Contractor” which expression shall unless repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, 
includes its successors, assigns, administrators, liquidators and receivers) of the second part  
 
NOW, Therefore, in consideration of the foregoing and the covenants and agreements 
contained herein, the parties agree as follows: 
 
1. 
Definitions: 
 
(a) 
The term “Confidential Information” shall include, without limitation, all information and 
materials, furnished by either Party to the other shall be considered Confidential 
Information. 
 
2. 
Protection of Confidential Information. With respect to any Confidential Information 
disclosed to it or to which it has access, Contractor affirms that it shall: 
 
(a) 
Use the Confidential Information as necessary only in connection with scope of work 
and in accordance with the terms and conditions contained herein; 
(b) 
Maintain the Confidential Information in strict confidence and take all reasonable 
steps to enforce the confidentiality obligations imposed hereunder, but in no event 
take less care with the Confidential Information that the parties take to protect the 
confidentiality of its own proprietary and confidential   information and that of its other 
clients; 
(c) 
Not to make or retain copy of any details of products and/or services, prototypes, 
business or marketing plans, source codes, Client lists, Proposals developed by or 
originating  from  UJVNL  or  any   of the prospective clients of UJVNL. 
(d) 
Not to make or retain copy of any details of tests analysis, extracts or  usages carried 
out by the Contractor in connection with  the  UJVNL’s  products and/or services, IT 
infrastructure,  etc.  without the express written consent of UJVNL. 
(e) 
Not disclose or in any way  assist  or  permit  the  disclosure  of  any Confidential 
Information to any other person or entity without the express written consent of the 
UJVNL ; and 
(f) 
Return to the UJVNL, or destroy, at UJVNL’s discretion, any and all Confidential 
Information disclosed in a printed form or other permanent record, or in any other 
tangible form (including without limitation, all copies, notes, extracts, analyses, 

Page | 2  
 
studies, summaries, records and reproductions thereof) immediately on (i) expiration 
or termination of this agreement, or (ii) the request of UJVNL therefor. 
(g) 
Not to send UJVNL’s   information or  data  and/or  any  such Confidential Information 
at any time outside India for the purpose of storage, processing, analysis or handling 
without the express written consent of the UJVNL. 
(h) 
The Contractor shall use only the best possible secure methodology to avoid 
confidentiality breach. 
(i) 
Not to discuss with any member of public, media, press, any or any other person 
about the nature of arrangement  entered  between the Contractor and the UJVNL or 
the nature of services to be provided by Contractor to the UJVNL. 
(j) 
Make sure that all the employees and/or consultants engaged to undertake work on 
its behalf have signed the mandatory non- disclosure agreement. 
 
3. 
Onus: Contractor shall have the burden of proving that any disclosure or use 
inconsistent with the terms and conditions hereof falls within any of the foregoing 
exceptions. 
 
4. 
Exceptions: The Confidentiality obligations as enumerated in Article 2of the Agreement 
shall not apply in following cases: 
 
(a)  Which is independently developed by Contractor or lawfully received from another 
source free of restriction and without breach of this Agreement; or 
(b) After it has become generally available to the public without breach of this Agreement 
by Contractor; or 
(c) Which at the time of disclosure to Contractor was known to such party free of restriction 
and evidenced by documents in the possession of such party; or 
(d) Which UJVNL agrees in writing is free of such restrictions. 
(e)  Which is received from a third party not subject to the obligation of confidentiality with 
respect to such information; 
 
5. 
Remedies: Contractor acknowledges that any actual or threatened disclosure or use of 
the Confidential Information by Contractor would be a breach of this agreement and may 
cause immediate and irreparable harm to UJVNL  or  to  its  clients; Contractor  affirms 
that damages from such disclosure or use by it may be impossible to measure  
accurately; and injury sustained by UJVNL / its clients may be impossible  to  calculate 
and compensate fully. Therefore, Contractor acknowledges that in the event of such a 
breach, UJVNL shall be entitled to specific performance by  Contractor  of  its  obligations  
contained  in   this Agreement. In addition, Contractor shall compensate the UJVNL for 
the loss or damages caused to the UJVNL actual and liquidated damages which may be 
demanded by UJVNL. Liquidated damages not to exceed the Contract value. Moreover, 
UJVNL shall be entitled to recover  all  costs  of litigation including  reasonable  attorneys’  
fees which it or they may incur in connection with defending its interests and enforcement 
of contractual rights arising due to a breach of this agreement by Contractor. All rights 
and remedies hereunder are cumulative and in addition to any other rights or remedies 
under any applicable law, at equity, or under this Agreement, subject only to any 
limitations stated herein. 
6. 
Need to Know: Contractor shall restrict disclosure of such Confidential Information to its 
employees and/or consultants with a need to know (and advise such employees and/or 

Page | 3  
 
consultants of the obligations assumed herein), shall use the Confidential Information 
only for the purposes set forth in the Agreement, and shall not disclose such Confidential 
Information to any affiliates, subsidiaries, associates and/or third party without prior 
written approval of the UJVNL. No information relating to UJVNL shall be hosted or taken 
outside the country in any circumstances. 
 
 
7. 
Intellectual Property Rights Protection: No license to a party, under any trademark, 
patent, copyright, design right, mask work protection right, or any other intellectual 
property right is either granted or implied by the conveying of Confidential Information to 
such party. 
 
8. 
No Conflict: The parties represent and warrant that the performance of its obligations 
hereunder do not and shall not conflict with any other agreement or obligation of the 
respective parties to which they are a party or by which the respective parties are bound. 
 
9. 
Authority: The parties represent and warrant that they have all necessary authority and 
power to enter into this Agreement and perform their obligations hereunder. 
 
10. Governing Law: This Agreement shall be interpreted  in  accordance with and governed 
by the substantive and procedural laws of  India and  the parties hereby consent to the 
jurisdiction of Courts and/or Forums situated at Dehradun 
 
11. Entire   Agreement: This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding and 
agreement between the parties, and supersedes all previous or contemporaneous 
agreement or communications, both oral and written, representations and under 
standings among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
 
12. Amendments: No amendment, modification and/or discharge of this Agreement shall 
be valid or binding on the  parties  unless  made  in writing and signed on behalf of each 
of  the  parties by their  respective duly authorized officers or representatives. 
13. Binding Agreement: This  Agreement  shall  be  binding  upon  and  inure to the benefit 
of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 
 
14. Severability: It is the intent of the  parties  that  in  case  any  one  or more  of  the 
provisions  contained  in   this   Agreement   shall   be   held to  be   invalid   or 
unenforceable in  any  respect,  such  provision  shall  be modified to the extent 
necessary to render it, as modified, valid and enforceable under applicable laws, and 
such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the other provisions of this Agreement. 
 
15. Waiver: Waiver by either party of a breach of any provision of this Agreement, shall not 
be deemed to be waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach of the same or any other 
provision hereof. 
16. Survival: Both parties agree that all of  their  obligations  undertaken  herein with respect 
to Confidential Information received pursuant to this Agreement shall survive till 
perpetuity even after expiration or termination of this Agreement. 
17. Non-solicitation: During the term of this Agreement and thereafter for a further period 
of two (2) years Contractor shall not solicit or attempt to solicit UJVNL’s employees 

Page | 4  
 
and/or consultants, for the purpose of hiring/contract or to proceed to conduct business 
similar to UJVNL with any employee and/or consultant of the UJVNL who has knowledge 
of the Confidential Information, without the prior written consent of UJVNL. 
18. This Agreement is governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of 
India. In the event of dispute arises between the parties in connection with the validity, 
interpretation, implementation or alleged breach of any provision of this Agreement, the 
parties shall attempt to resolve the dispute in good faith by senior level negotiations. In 
case, any such difference or dispute is not amicably resolved within forty-five (45) days 
of such referral for negotiations, it shall be resolved through arbitration process, wherein 
both the parties will appoint one arbitrator each and the third one will be appointed by 
the two arbitrators in accordance with the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. The 
venue of arbitration in India shall be (please choose the venue of dispute resolution as 
the city) or where the services are provided. The proceedings of arbitration shall be 
conducted in English language and the arbitration award shall be substantiated in writing 
and binding on the parties. The arbitration proceedings shall be completed within a 
period of one hundred and eighty (180) days from the date of reference of the dispute to 
arbitration. 
 
 
19. Term: This Agreement shall come into force on the date of its signing by both the parties 
and shall be valid up to ……… year. 
 
 
 
 
IN WITNESS HEREOF, and intending to be legally bound, the parties have executed this 
Agreement to make it effective from the date and year first written above. 
 
 
( For and on behalf of  UJVNL) 
(For on behalf of Firm) 
 
 
 
 
 
Name: 
Designation:  
Division: 
 
UJVN Limited 
Name: 
Designation: 
Division: 
Name of Organization: 
 
WITNESS FROM UJVNL: 
1: 
2: 
Contractors Engaged in this Work 
1: 
2: 
 
 
 
 

