





Avnesure TT
NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT

4. Definitions
In this Non Disclosure Agreement the folowing torms shall, unless the context otherwise

requires, have the following meanings:

1.4 ‘Disclosing Party’ or ‘First Party’ means NSTL(V) disclosing confidential
Information to the Academic Institution under this Agreement.

4.2 Receiving Party’ means the Academic Institution receiving Confidential Information
NSTL under this Agreement.

4.3 ‘Confidential Information’ means any information, which shall include but is not
limited to, design. fabrication and assembly drawings, know-how, processes, product
specications, raw materials, product samples, inventions, concepts and any other
technical and/or commercial information, disclosed directly or indirectly and in any form
whatsoever (including, but not limited to, disclosure made in writing, oral or inthe frm of
‘samples, model, computer programmes, drawings or other instruments) fumished by the
Disclosing Party to the Receiving Party under this Agreement.

4.3.4 Such Confidential Information shal also include but shall not be limited to:

4.3.4.1 Information disclosed by the Disclosing Party in writing marked as
‘confidential atthe time of disclosure;

4.3.4.2 Information disclosed by the Disclosing Party orally which is slated
{o-bo confidential at the time of disloeure

4.3.4.3 Information disclosed in any other manner is designated in writing
‘as Confidential Information atthe time of disclosure; or

1.344 Notwithstanding sub-clauses 1.3.1.1, 1.3.1.2 and 1.3.1.3 of this
efiniion, ny Information whose nature makes it obvious that it ie
confidential

Page 106


41.3.2 Such Confidential Information shall not include any information which:

1.3.2: Is, atthe time of disclosure, publicly known; or
1.9.22 Bocomes at a later date, publicly available otherwise than a
wrongful act or negligence or breach of this Agreement of or by the
Receiving Party; or
1.3.2.3 The Receiving Party can demonstrate by its witten records was in
its possession, or known to the Receiving Party, before receipt under this
‘Agreement, and which was not previously acquired under an obligation of
‘confidentiality; or
1.3.24 Is legitimately obiained at any time by the Receiving Party from a
third Party without restrictions in respect of disclosure or use; or
1.32.5 The Receiving Parly can demonstrate to the satisfaction of the
Disclosing Party, has been developed independently of its obligations under
this Aareement and without acess to the Confidential Information.
Administrative instructions

2A Authority of the Signatory of Receiving Party in NDA shall be established prior to
signing of NDA. Preferably, a letter should be obtained from Director of the Receiving
Party authorizing a named senior level offical to sign NDA on their behalf, Only such
authorized Senior Level Officer should sign the NDA document on behalf of Receving

PartylSeoond Party.

2.2 The confidentiality ofthe documents shall also be maintained by the Receiving Party

Poge 206

This agrooment made this_ day of. ‘between The President of India, through the
Director, Naval Science & Technological Laboratory (NSTL), Visakhapatnam, hereinafter
refered to a. “Firet_~«~Party’ «onthe - one part «andthe
(Second Party’) herein after
referred as “Receiving Party" which expression shall unless it be repugnant to or inconsistent
with subject or context thereof, include and be deemed to include their Heirs, Executers,
‘Successors oF Administrators and permitted assigns on the other part.

Hereafter collectively referred to as the “Parties” o individually as the “Party”.

WHEREAS, First Party/LabiEstt. (Disclosing Party) possess certain sensitive and confidential
information and desires to disclose it tothe Fim (the Recelving Party) to further co-development
relationship between the Parties subject to the Terms and Conditions ofthis Agreement.

NOW IT IS AGREED ANN NEC ARED RY AND RETWEEN THE PARTIES AS FOLLOWS:

4. Wentifiation
\When Confidential information is dsclased in wrting or other tangible form, the information shall
bbe marked “CONFIDENTIAL” or with similar legend on each page containing Confidential
information. When Confidential information is disclosed orally, visually or in any other intangible
form, such information shall be identiied as confidential at the time of disclosure, subsequently
summarized and confirmed in writing within Thiry (30) days from the initial disclosure, refering
the dete of dodlooure,

2 Standard of Care
The Receiving Party shall protect the confidenti
appropriate care.

information disclosed by the First Party with

(@) Receiving Party shall communicate to First Party in wing the list of nominated
persons for receiving confidential information.

(©) Confidentia information should not be communicated through phone, fax, oF email
Confidential information should be exchanged through secure form of communication as

‘an exampl, including but not limited o, secure FTP, secure remote access, etc.
Page 306


(©) When confidential information is received by Receiving Party, the Receiving Party
‘should treatit with reasonable care.

(4) Reclving Party should not discuss the confidential information disclosed by First
Party with any Third Party, within Government Organizations or outside Government
Organizations without the prior writen approval of DirectorFirst Party. The Academic
Partner agrees. to promptly notify First «Party of any
‘misuse/misappropriationvloss/comprise ofthe confidential information.

3, Either Party's failure to enforce any provision, right or remedy under this agreement shal
not constitute a waiver of such provision ight or remedy.

4, This Agreement will be construed in, interpreted and applied to accordance withthe laws
of India,

5. Confidentiality Period
For the term of this Agreement and Ten (10) years thereafter, the Receiving Party shall neither
disclose the First Party's confidential information to any Party other than its Employees who
have express need to know inthe context of the relavant co-development.

6. Exceptions,
‘No obligation shall be imposed regarding confidential information ifthe Receiving Party can
demonstrate that the confidential information:

(@) Is oF becomes thereafter available 0 the public through no breach of this,
‘Agreement;
(0) is disclosed pursuant to governmental or judicial order requirement.

7. Return of Materials
‘The Receiving Party shall return to the First Party, or at the discretion of the First Party cortly
the destruction of all copies of the Fist Party's confidential information upon written request of
First Party.

Page 406

8. NoLicense
"Nothing herein constitutes a license or other transer of rights in respect of elther Party's interest
In any Confidential information disclosed pursuant to this Agreement.

8. Term
‘The Term ofthis agreement is Five (5) years from the effective Dato, however, those Sections
5,6, Band 11 hereof shall survive even after expiration or termination hereof

10. Assignment, Modification and Waiver
[No assignment, modification, or waiver of any Term of this A;reement shal be effective unless
set forth in wing and signed by an Authorized Represents ive of each Party. No failure to
enforce any provision ofthis Agreement shall be construed! as waive.

11. Dispute Resolution
Ditlerance of opinion. if any. arising during the period of this Agreement. concerning the
‘execution of the responsiblites will be settled on the basis of mutual consultation by the
signatories or their designated nominees. The partes will make best possible efforts to resolve
the dispute and in case oftheir failure to do so and reconciling the dispute mutually, the same
shall be referred for Arbitration.

42. Arbitration
‘Any dispute, disagreement or question arising out of oF relating to the Contractor relating to
produet or performance! which cannot be fattled amicably, shall be resolved by artitation in
accordance with ether ofthe following provisions:

“The case of arbitration may be referred to arbitrator / arbitrators appointed as per section 11 of
Indian Arbitration and conciliation Act, 1996 as amended and the proceedings shall be
‘conducted in accordance with procedure of Indian Arbitration and Conelation Act, 1996 as
‘amended

Page of6


“The case of arbitration may be referred to International Contre for Altemative Dispute
Resolution (|CADR) for the appointment of arbitrator and proceedings shall be conducted in
‘accordance with procedure of Indian Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 as amended

or

“The case of arbitration may be conducted in accordance with the rules of Arbitration of the
International Chamber of Commerce by one or more arbitralors appointed in accordance with
the sald rules in India. However, the arbitration proceedings shall be conducted in India under
Indian Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 as amended *.

19. Entire Agreement

‘This Agrooment constitutes the entie Agreement between the Parties with respect to the
‘matters covered by this Agreement, supersedes all prior agreements and understandings with
respect thereof, and may only be amended in writing signed by both Parties.

14, Binding Effect
‘This Agreement shall be binding and inure to the benefit of the undersigned Parties, their

‘Successors and Assigns.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the partes have executed this Agreement to be executed as the
effective date writen above when signed below by thelr duly authorized representatives.

or President Onda Through Director NSTL | For
Name Name = rs

Designation ~ Designation ;
‘Address NSTL, Vizag adress
[bate - - Date

Poge 66

