Annexure - ……. 
Ref. No. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dated: 
NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT 
THIS AGREEMENT is valid till …………. years from the date of work order, and is made by and between 
STATE AGENCY FOR PUBLIC SERVICES (SAPS), Bhopal, herein referred to as ‘DISCLOSING PARTY’ whose 
address is ‘4th Floor, Madhya Pradesh Text Book Corporation Building Behind Central School, Arera Hills, 
Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh, India. Pincode: 462011, and M/s. …………………………………. 
Both the parties shall mean and include their successors at Office from time to time, legal 
representatives, administrators, executors and assigns, etc. 
This agreement shall govern the conditions of disclosure by disclosing party to Recipient of certain 
confidential and proprietary information that is oral, written, or in computer file format. Examples of 
Confidential Information include the details of beneficiaries, identities of companies, consultants and 
other service providers used by disclosing party, both foreign and domestic, in connection with 
disclosing party‟s business, supplier lists, supplier information, computer databases containing 
customer, product and vendor information, designs, drawings, specifications, techniques, models, 
documentation, diagrams, flow charts, research and development process and procedures, „know-
how‟, new product or new technology information, financial, marketing and sales information and 
projections, product pricing, profitability, marketing techniques and materials, marketing timetables, 
strategies and development plans, trade names and trademarks not yet disclosed to the public, business 
methods and trade secrets, and personnel information. 
1. Purpose of Disclosure. Disclosing party is disclosing the Confidential Information to Recipient in order 
for Recipient to evaluate the possibility of using disclosing party’s services like Call Centers/Contact 
Centers Projects, Business Process Outsourcing covering all different kind of Verticals, Information 
Technology Services, Back and Transaction Processing Services, Business Analysis, Business Process Re-
engineering, Data Analysis, Quality Analysis and the Statutory & Datacom services etc. 
2. Confidentiality Obligations of Recipient. Recipient hereby agrees: 
(a) Recipient will hold the Confidential Information in complete confidence and not to disclose the 
Confidential Information to any other person or entity, or otherwise transfer, publish, reveal, or permit 
access to the Confidential Information without the express prior written consent of Disclosing Party. 
(b) Recipient will not copy, photograph, modify, disassemble, reverse engineer, decompile, or in any 
other manner reproduce the Confidential Information without the express prior written consent of 
disclosing party. 
If any Confidential Information is delivered to Recipient in physical form, such as data files or hard 
copies, recipient will return the Confidential Information, together with any copies thereof, promptly 
after the purpose for which they were furnished has been accomplished, or upon the request of 

disclosing party. In addition upon request off disclosing party in writing/email Recipient will destroy 
materials prepared by Recipient that contain Confidential Information. 
(c) Recipient shall use Confidential Information only for the purpose of evaluating 
Recipient‟s interest in using disclosing party‟s services, and for no other purpose. Without limiting the 
generality of the previous sentence, Recipient specifically agrees not to sell, rent, or otherwise disclose 
any of disclosing party‟s Confidential Information either in full or part to any competitor of disclosing 
party, nor will Recipient use the Confidential Information to directly or indirectly contact or contract 
with any of disclosing party‟s employees, vendors, contractors and agents who carry out or otherwise 
fulfill the services on behalf of disclosing party (its “Affiliates”). Recipient shall promptly notify disclosing 
party of any disclosure or use of Confidential Information in violation of this Agreement for which 
disclosing party shall indemnify the Recipient for that part. 
3. Exclusions. None of the following shall be considered to be “Confidential Information”: 
(a) Information which was in the lawful and unrestricted possession of Recipient prior to its disclosure 
by disclosing party; 
(b) Information which is readily ascertainable from sources of information freely/easily available in the 
general public; 
(c) Information which is obtained by Recipient from a third party who did not derive such information 
from disclosing party. 
4. Remedies. Recipient acknowledges that disclosing party‟s Confidential 
Information has been developed or obtained by the investment of significant time, effort and expense 
and provides disclosing party with a significant competitive advantage in its business, and that if 
Recipient breaches its obligations hereunder, disclosing party will suffer immediate, irreparable harm for 
which monetary damages will provide inadequate compensation. Accordingly, the disclosing party will 
be entitled, in addition to any other remedies available at law in equity, to injunctive relief to specifically 
enforce the terms of this Agreement. Recipient agrees to indemnify disclosing party against any losses 
sustained by disclosing party, including reasonable attorney‟s fees, by reason of the breach of any 
provision of this Agreement by Recipient. Recipient further acknowledges that disclosing party‟s 
business would be severely hurt if Recipient were to directly contract with its Affiliates without the 
participation of disclosing party. Therefore, if Recipient directly or indirectly contracts with any of 
disclosing party‟s Affiliates whose identity and/or particulars are disclosed to Recipient pursuant to this 
Agreement (Except Affiliates with whom Recipient had a demonstrable prior existing business 
relationship). In the event of circumvention, by the Recipient whether directly or indirectly, the 
disclosing party 
shall be entitled to a legal monetary penalty award, equal to the maximum consulting service/consulting 
fee, commission/profit originally expected or contemplated to be realized from such transaction(s). This 
payment levied against and paid immediately by the party engaged in circumvention and also in addition 

includes all legal expenses in the recovery of these funds if collected through legal action by either party. 
This penalty shall not apply when the alleged Circumventure does not result in a transaction being 
concluded. The parties acknowledge it would be extremely difficult or impossible to accurately it would 
be extremely difficult or impossible to accurately fix the actual damages that disclosing party would 
suffer in the event of a breach of the aforementioned obligations, and that the liquidated damages 
provided for herein are a reasonable estimate of disclosing party‟s actual damages, which shall be fixed 
by the arbitrator who shall also be in the same business. 
5. No Rights Granted to Recipient. Recipient further acknowledges and agrees that the furnishing of 
Confidential Information to Recipient by disclosing party shall not constitute any grant or license to 
Recipient under any legal rights now or hereinafter held by disclosing party. 
6. Miscellaneous Provisions: 
(a) This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding and Agreement between the parties with respect 
to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all other oral or written representations and 
understanding. This Agreement may only be amended or modified by a writing signed by both parties. 
(b) If any provision of the Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the legality, validity 
and enforceability of the remaining provisions will not be affected or impaired. 
(c) This Agreement is binding upon the successors, assigns and legal representatives the parties hereto, 
and is intended to protect Confidential Information of any successors or assign of disclosing party. 
(d) Each Provision of this Agreement is intended to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent 
permitted by law. If any provision of this Agreement is determined by any court of competent 
jurisdiction or arbitrator to be invalid, illegal, or enforceable to any extent, that provision shall, if 
possible, be construed as though more narrowly drawn, if a narrower construction would avoid such 
invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability, be served, and the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall 
remain in effect/force. 
(e) The terms and conditions governing the provision of the agreement shall be governed by and 
construed in accordance with laws of the union of India and shall be subject to the exclusive Jurisdiction 
of the courts of Bhopal. 
i. Any or all disputes arising out or in connection with this agreement shall so far as may be possible to 
settled amicably between the parties within a period of thirty days from such dispute(s) arising. 
ii. However failing such amicable settlement all disputes and differences out of the construction of or 
concerning anything contained in or arising out of or in connection with this agreement as to the rights, 
duties or liabilities arising it, to the parties shall be referred to a panel of three arbitrators, for 
conducting Arbitration in accordance with the provisions of Arbitrations and Conciliation Act 1996 and 
its all amendment. 

iii. It is agreed that each party shall appoint one arbitrator and the third arbitrator from the same 
business. 
iv. The appointment of arbitrators shall be done within a period of three months from the date of 
receipt of notice from the aggrieved party requesting to refer the matter to arbitration in case amicable 
settlement fails. 
v. The parties shall mutually ensure and co-operate with each other in the arbitral proceedings, so that 
the same can be concluded and awarded within a period of six months from the date of commencement 
of the arbitral proceedings. 
vi. The arbitral proceedings shall be conducted in English, both parties shall be bound by the award 
passed and delivered by the arbitral tribunal and shall not attempt to challenge the authenticity of the 
award, before any authority or courts or any other statutory body. 
vii. The venue of arbitration shall be Bhopal. 
(f) If any litigation is brought by either party regarding the interpretation or enforcement of this 
Agreement, the prevailing party will recover from the other all costs, attorney‟s fees and other expenses 
incurred by the prevailing party from the other party. 
Signed on behalf of  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Signed on behalf of 
State Agency for Public Services,   
 
 
 
 
 
M/s. ………………… 
PSMD, Govt. MP, Bhopal  
 
 
 
 
Signature:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Signature: 
Name:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name: 
Designation with seal:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
Designation with seal: 
Date:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: 

