BEL
Supplier has to submit the below NDA if order is placed
CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT
   This Agreement is made on this 18th day of December 2021 between SUPPLIER NAME, with
its Registered Office at  (Hereinafter referred to as "buyer”) which shall include its successors
and permitted assigns
AND
Bharat Electronics Limited, with its Registered Office at Outer Ring Road, Nagavara, Bangalore
- 560045, Karnataka, India through its EW&A SBU located at Jalahalli, Bangalore -560 013
(Hereinafter referred to as "BEL") which shall include its successors and permitted assigns
(" M/s SUPPLIER NAME and "BEL" hereinafter also referred to as "Party" or "Parties" as
per the context)
Whereas “M/s SUPPLIER NAME and BEL wish to enter into contract for the purpose of Design
And Development of WIC Relay and PSU Module Test Jig ” (such purpose is hereinafter
referred to as "the Purpose)".
Whereas in the course of the discussions, the Parties may require to disclose information of a
proprietary or confidential nature.
Whereas The Parties wish to define the terms and conditions under which they will disclose such
information in pursuit of the Purpose.
NOW THEREFORE, it is hereby agreed as follows:
1. "Proprietary Information" means:
1

BEL
a) Any information in any medium in tangible or visible form, and
b) Any information communicated orally, declared at the time of communication as “Proprietary
Information or confidential Information”, and subsequently confirmed in writing within a period
of thirty (30) days thereafter to have been communicated in confidence, and 
c) Any copies and extracts of information as aforesaid, any documents or other media to which
the same is translated or transferred. And which is identified as being confidential or proprietary,
and owned or controlled by either Party hereto disclosing the same or is entrusted to such Party,
and disclosed to the other Party in relation to the Purpose.
2. For five (5) years from the Effective Date of this Agreement, each Party undertakes:
a) to keep the other Party's Proprietary/confidential Information as confidential using the same
degree of care as the receiving Party uses to protect its own Proprietary/confidential Information
against public disclosure but in no case any less degree than reasonable care; and
b) Not to make any disclosure of the other Party's Proprietary/confidential Information to any
third party and to use the same only for the Purpose; and
c) Not to make any copies of the other Party's Proprietary/confidential Information, or translation
or transfer of the same to other documents or media nor to disseminate the same within its own
organization, save as is strictly necessary for the Purpose; and
d) Not to assign the rights and obligations of the Parties without their prior written consent
thereto.
3. provided, however, that the foregoing restrictions and obligations shall not apply to any
information which it can be shown:
2

BEL
(a) Is already or hereafter becomes published otherwise than through the fault or negligence of
the receiving Party; or
(b) is lawfully obtained by the recipient from a third party having rights to disclose to the
receiving Party, without restrictions as to use or disclosure, or
(c) is already known to the receiving Party at the date of receipt of the information pursuant to
this Agreement, or
(d) is independently developed by the receiving Party.
(e) is required to be disclosed under any law, judicial order or Government order or regulation
provided  receiving  Party  gives  disclosing  Party  timely  notice,  where  possible,  of  the
contemplated disclosure so as to give the disclosing Party an opportunity to intervene to preserve
the confidentiality of the information.
4. Both Parties undertake to observe all requirements of security regulations of the Governments
of India to the extent they apply to Proprietary Information disclosed pursuant hereto.
5. All Proprietary/confidential Information submitted by one Party to the other shall remain the
property of the Party from which it originates. Each Party shall return to the other all the
Proprietary Information received from the other Party and any copies thereof promptly upon
request and one copy may be retained for archival purpose.
6. The return of documentation under Clause 5 shall not be deemed to release either Party from
its obligations contained in Clause 2 above.
7. Term & Termination:
a) This agreement may be terminated by either Party by giving thirty (30) days' written notice to
the other Party.
3

BEL
b) Either Party has the Option of terminating the Agreement without notice, if any legal
proceedings/investigations are initiated against the other party in India by any Govt. Agency.
c) This agreement will automatically terminate:-
i) If either Party is prohibited under prevalent rules or notifications or laws of India, from
participating in its share of work in the Tender/RFP as applicable.
OR
ii)  Either  Party  becomes  ineligible/  suspended  for  receiving  or  performing  the  contract
anticipated by this agreement in accordance with applicable Governmental rules or notifications
issued or under applicable Laws of India.
OR
iii) Notification by Customer that either Party is not acceptable for the Project.
d) The Agreement unless terminated sooner as mentioned hereinabove, shall automatically
terminate after one (1) year from the Effective Date or such extended period as the Parties may
agree in writing. Each Party's obligation to protect previously received Proprietary Information
shall survive any such termination as provided in Clause 2.
8. No patent, copyright or other intellectual property rights are transferred by this Agreement nor
is any right or license under any invention or patent granted hereunder.
9. The Parties shall each designate a single address and person in their organization to receive
written disclosures and identifications of Proprietary information hereunder and to be responsible
for ensuring the observance of this agreement.
4

BEL
For SUPPLIER NAME
       ADDRESS
For BEL:
EW&A SBU
Bharat Electronics Ltd.,
Jalahalli Post,
Bangalore – 560 013
India
10. This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the Laws of India.
Any disputes arising between the Parties hereto out of or in connection with this agreement shall
be amicably settled between the Parties. Where the Parties hereto fail to settle the disputes
amicably, within ninety (90) days of the written notice of its existence given by either Party to
the other, then such dispute shall be settled by arbitration in accordance with the rules of
Arbitration of the International Centre for Alternate Dispute Resolution (ICADR), New Delhi,
and the award  made  in pursuance  thereof shall be final and binding on the Parties. The
arbitration proceedings shall take place in Bangalore and be conducted in the English Language.
The Arbitration proceedings will be administered by the ICADR. The award may be entered into
a court of competent jurisdiction for its execution forthwith.
11. IMMUNITY: (this clause is applicable only for foreign partners) It is expressly understood
and agreed by and between <<<“insert the name of the “The Company>>>” and BEL, that BEL
is entering into this agreement solely on its own and not on behalf of any other person or entity.
In particular, it is expressly understood and agreed that the Government of India is not a party to
this Agreement and has no liabilities, obligations or rights hereunder. It is expressly understood
and agreed that BEL is an independent legal entity with power and authority to enter into
contracts solely on its own behalf under the applicable laws of India and general principles of
Contract Law <<<<insert the name of the “The Company” >>>> expressly agrees, acknowledges
5

BEL
and understands that BEL is not an agent, representative or delegate of the Government of India.
It is understood and agreed that the Government of India is not and shall not be liable for any
acts, omissions and commissions, breaches or other wrongs arising out of this Agreement.
Accordingly <<< insert the name of the “The Company”>>>> hereby expressly waives, releases
and forgoes any and all actions or claims including cross claims, impeder claims or counter
claims against the Government of India arising out of this Agreement and covenants not to sue
the Government of India, as to any manner, claim, cause or action, or thing whatsoever arising
out of or under this Agreement.
12. This Agreement shall come into effect from the Effective Date.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be signed by their duly
authorized representatives on the date first above written.
For and on behalf of: 
For and on behalf of:
BHARAT ELECTRONICS LIMITED                                              SUPPLIER NAME
Signature : ................................ 
Signature :..........................
Name :....................................... 
Name :.............................
Title :.......................................... 
Title :..............................
Date :........................ 
            Date :...............................
6

