 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENCE PRODUCTION 
NEW DELHI 
 
Security Manual for Licensed Defence Industries  
 
 
June 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

2 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
TOPIC 
PAGE No 
Table of Contents 
2 
List of Abbreviations used 
 
7 
Forward 
8 
Executive Summary 
10 
Flow Chart 
14 
Category-A 
15 
Chapter 1- General Provisions, Requirement and Responsibility  
 Scope 
 Authority 
 Responsibility of Management & employees 
16 
Chapter 2 – Security Organization and Personnel Security  
 Company Chief Security Officer (CCSO) 
 Cyber Information Security Officer (CISO) 
 Security Staff 
 Responsibilities and duties of CCSO 
 Reporting procedures 
 Personnel Security 
18 
Chapter 3 – Security of Premises and Physical Security Measures 
 Physical Security Measures 
 Layout of Premises 
 Reception Office & Visitors 
 Material Gate 
 Watch Tower 
 Setting up of Plant Security Council 
 Identity Badges, Entry Passes for personnel /vehicle and Parking of 
Vehicles. 
 Key of the organization 
 Late sitting in Office  
 Photography 
 Carriage of weapons 
 Carriage of liquor 
 Security measures for Sensitive / Secure/ storage areas for classified 
equipment 
 Building Security 
 Emergency response/contingency plan 
23 
Chapter 4 -  Material Security 
 Incoming & Outgoing Material 
 Inward Material Register 
31 

3 
 
 Material Gate Pass Register 
 Material Gate Pass 
 Description of Material Gate Pass 
 Authority 
 Secret Documents 
 Material brought out on cash purchase basis 
 Transportation of Explosive & other classified materials 
Chapter 5 – Handling of Documents & Equipments 
 Security classification of Documents & Equipments 
 Aims & objectives of Document Security 
 Classification of Documents & Equipments 
 Guidelines on Classifications  
 Marking of Classified Documents& Equipments 
 Accounting of Classified Documents and Equipments 
 List of Documents, Checks & Annual accounting 
 Care& Custody of Classified Documents and Equipments and 
responsibility of holders 
 Emergency Procedures 
 Disclosure 
 Downgrading, Disposal & Destruction of  Classified Documents and 
Equipments 
35 
Chapter 6 – Communication Security  
 Telephone 
 Cell or Mobile Phones /Data Cards /Voice Modems 
 Fax Communications 
52 
Chapter 7 -  Computer and Cyber Security (Information Systems Security) 
 General  
 ISO 27001  
 Common Requirements 
 Enterprise Resource Planning 
 Physical and software security 
 Acquisition of Computer hardware and software 
 Miscellaneous aspects 
 Guidelines for computer users and operators 
 Instructions on use of Internet within classified area / zone 
55 
Chapter 8 – Subcontracting 
 General 
 Engagement of Consultants/Advisers 
 Audit Recommendations 
71 
Chapter 9 -  International Security  
 General 
 Import of equipment 
72 

4 
 
 
 Warning to Consignees 
 Movement 
 Handing and Taking Over 
 
Chapter 10 – Visits and Meetings  
 Visits of foreign national(s) 
 Meetings 
 Request from ILDC to attend classified meetings 
74 
Chapter 11 – Training  
 General 
 Security briefing 
 Refresher Training  
 Security training of Vendors/Contractors and Casual Labourers 
 Training of project work Trainees 
77 
Chapter 12 – Miscellaneous  
 Publicity and Photography 
 Trials and Demonstration 
 Rejects and Salvage 
 Disaster Management 
 Internal Security Audit 
 Action on Completion of Audit 
 Penalty for Non Compliance 
 External Security Audit 
 Penalty for Non-compliance of security guidelines by ILDC 
 Alternate Power Source 
 Investigations of compromising emanations 
 Retention of Classified Documents Generated Under In-house R&D 
Efforts 
 Classified Waste Management 
 Waste Management 
 Compliance Statement 
79 
Category –B  
83 
Chapter 1- General Provisions, Requirement and Responsibility  
 Scope 
 Authority 
 Responsibility of Management & employees. 
84 
Chapter 2 – Security Organization and Personnel Security  
 Security  Head 
 Responsibilities and duties of Security Head 
 Action to be taken when breach of security occurs 
 Reporting procedures 
 Personnel Security 
85 

5 
 
 
 
 
 Verification of Character & Antecedents 
Chapter 3– Security of Premises and Physical Security Measures 
 Physical Security Measures 
 Perimetric, Access Control & Security Personnel 
 Labour passes 
 Token Labouer 
 Vehicle Stickers 
 Visitors 
 Keys Management 
 Photography 
87 
Chapter 4 -  Material Security 
 Incoming & outgoing material gate pass 
 Inward Material register 
 Material Gate pass Register 
 Description of Material Gate Pass 
 
88 
Chapter 5 – Document and Equipment Security  
 Security classification of Documents & Equipments 
 Guidelines on Classifications  
 Care& Custody of Classified Documents and Equipments and 
responsibility of holders 
 Downgrading, Disposal & Destruction of  Classified Documents and 
Equipments 
90 
Chapter 6 – Communication Security  
 Cell or Mobile Phones 
 Telephones 
 Fax Communications 
91 
Chapter 7 -  Computer Security 
 General  
 Security for Personal Computers, Laptops, Desktops etc. 
 Network Security 
 Application Protection 
 Data Leakage Prevention 
 Guidelines for computer users and operators 
 Instructions on use of Internet within classified area / zone 
92 
Chapter 8 – Subcontracting 
 General 
 Termination/ Banning of Subcontract 
 Penalty for Non-compliance of security guidelines by ILDC.  
 Imports of Equipments/Materials 
102 
Chapter 9 – Visits and Meetings  
 Visits of foreign national 
104 

6 
 
 
 
Category –C 
105 
Chapter 1- General Provisions, Requirement and Responsibility  
 Scope 
 Authority 
 Responsibility of Management & employees. 
106 
Chapter 2 – Security Organization and Personnel Security  
 Security  Head 
 Responsibilities and duties of Security Head 
 Action to be taken when breach of security occurs 
 Reporting procedures 
 Personnel Security 
 Verification of Character & Antecedents 
107 
Chapter 3 – Security of Premises and Physical Security Measures 
 Physical Security Measures 
 Perimetric, Access Control & Security Personnel 
 Token Labourer 
 Keys Management 
108 
Chapter 4 -  Material Security 
 Incoming & outgoing material gate pass 
 Inward Material register 
 Material Gate pass Register 
109 
Chapter 5 – Document and Material Security  
 Classification of documents 
 Guidelines on Classifications  
 Care & Custody of Documents & Materials  
110 
Chapter 6 – Communication Security  
 Telephones 
 Fax Communications 
111 
Chapter 7 -  Computer Security 
 General  
 Cyber Information Security Officer 
 Security for Personal Computers, Laptops, Desktops etc. 
 Application Protection 
 Data Leakage Prevention 
111 
Chapter 8 – Subcontracting 
 General 
 Termination/ Banning of Subcontract 
 Penalty for Non-compliance of security guidelines by ILDC.   
117 
Chapter 9 – Visits and Meetings  
 Visits of foreign national 
118 
Quarterly Report Format 
119 

List of abbreviations 
 
A.1  
ANPR 
Automatic Number Plate Recognition  
A.2  
CCSO 
Company Chief Security Officer 
A.3  
CCTV 
Closed Circuit TV 
A.4  
CEO 
Chief Executive Officer 
A.5  
CERT-IN 
Computer Emergency Response Team - India 
A.6  
CISF 
Central Industrial Security Force 
A.7  
CMD 
Chairman and Managing Director 
A.8  
CONFD 
Confidential 
A.9  
COTS 
Commercial Of The Shelf 
A.10 CPMF 
Central Para Military Force 
A.11 CrPC 
Criminal Proceeding Code 
A.12 CSA 
Competent Security Authority 
A.13 CISO 
Cyber Information Security Officer 
A.14 DDP 
Department of Defence Production 
A.15 DFMD 
Door Framed Metal Detector  
A.16 DGR 
Director General of Resettlement 
A.17 DIPP 
Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion 
A.18 DPSU 
Defense Public Sector Undertaking 
A.19 DSA 
Designated Security Agency 
A.20 DSC 
Defence Security Corps 
A.21 GSM 
Global System Monitoring  
A.22 HQ 
Head Quarters 
A.23 IB 
Intelligence Bureau 
A.24 ID 
Identification Card 
A.25 IDR 
Industries Development & Regulations Act 
A.26 ILDC 
Indian Licensed Defense Company 
A.27 IPC 
Indian Penal Code 
A.28 IPS 
Internet Protocol Security 
A.29 IR&D 
In-house Research and Development 
A.30 LAN 
Local Area Network 
A.31 MFO 
Multi Facility Organization 
A.32 MHA 
Ministry of Home Affairs 
A.33 MOD 
Ministry of Defense 
A.34 NCIIPC 
National Critical Information Infrastructure Protection Center 
A.35 NSA 
National Security Authority 
A.36 OEM 
Original Equipment Manufacturer  
A.37 OFB 
Ordnance Factory Board  
A.38 OSA 
Official Secrets Act 
A.39 PC 
Personal Computer 
A.40 PSARA 
Private Security Agencies (Regulations) Act, 2005 
A.41 QA 
Quality Assurance 
A.42 RAX 
Rural Automatic Exchange 
A.43 RESTD 
Restricted 
A.44 TOP SEC 
Top Secret 
A.45 WAN 
Wide Area Network 

 
 
FOREWORD 
 
 
The Security Manual for private companies involved in the production of defence 
products is  issued in pursuance of para 12 of the Press Note No.2(2002 series) issued by the 
Department of Industrial Policy & Promotion (DIPP), Ministry of Commerce and Industry, 
Government of India. Presently, licensed defence companies are required to put in place 
adequate safety and security procedures once licence is granted and production 
commences and this would be subject to verifications by authorized Government agencies.  
 
2. 
The Industrial Licence is issued by DIPP, in terms of the Rule 15(2) of the Registration 
and Licensing of Industries Undertaking Rules framed under Industries (Development & 
Regulation) Act 1951.  The Industrial Licence contains a Footnote to the effect that detailed 
instructions issued by the Ministry of Defence (Department of Defence Production) from 
time to time in regard to conditions stipulated in the Industrial Licence in terms of Para 12 & 
15 of the Press Note 2 (2002 series) on adequate safety and security procedures to be put in 
place by the licensee and on sale of defence items produced under the industrial licence 
shall also be followed by the licensee for strict compliance.  This Security Manual therefore, 
is issued for compliance by licensed defence companies in the private sector as a part of the 
licensing conditions prescribed in the Industrial License. 
 
3. 
This Security Manual prescribes minimum standards of security and other safeguards 
required to be put in place by the licensee in the interest of national safety and security.  
Specific attention in this regard is also drawn to the Official Secrets Act 1923, particularly 
Section 2(a) thereof which defines “prohibited place”.  All units/ offices/ areas of licensed 
defence industries in the private sector dealing with any classified information/ document/ 
material are also “prohibited places” in terms of the provisions of the Official Secrets Act, 
1923. 
 
4. 
Indian Licensed Defence Companies can also have additional security safeguards over 
and above those prescribed in this Manual, specific to their requirements as considered 
necessary.  The Government (MoD, IB, MHA, etc) may also prescribe additional safeguards, 
if required, in any particular case and such safeguards would also be required to be followed 
by the company.  Any violation/ non-adherence to any such instructions would be liable for 
action under the relevant Act/ Rule/ Guidelines. 
 
5. 
The companies would be required to follow this Security Manual whenever they 
undertake the manufacturing of any Defence item for which they have been issued 
Industrial Licence.  The security instructions relating to the category to which the Defence 
product belongs, would be applicable in such case. 
 
6. 
Defence products would be categorized in three categories such as A, B & C, as 
illustrated below.  Category A would involve products which require highest level of 

9 
 
security, category B would involve a medium level of security and category C would require 
a minimum level of security.  If any company is involved in the manufacturing of the 
Defence products which lie in more than one category, then either the company should 
clearly segregate the areas of operation/ manufacturing for different categories of products 
and apply the related security instructions or if the areas of operation/ manufacture are not 
possible to be segregated, the security instructions applicable to the higher level of security 
would be applied. 
 
Category - A : 
The products involved in this category would be highly classified and 
sensitive from the security angle and the manufacturing of these items would require the 
highest level of security.   The illustrative examples of products under this category are   
explosives, propellants, propulsion, aircrafts, warships, battle tanks, radars, weapons, 
software and various types of charges.   
 
Category - B 
: 
This category would include semi-finished products, sub-assemblies, 
sub-systems of main weapons/ equipments/ platforms and some finished products of lesser 
degree of sensitivity.  The illustrative examples of products under this category are wing 
assemblies/ structural assemblies/ barrel assemblies/ turret/ avionics etc. 
 
Category - C 
: 
This category would include products which do not involve use of any 
classified/ secret information and are very generic in nature.  The products in this category 
would normally be not specifically designed or modified for military use and therefore 
would require only a very minimal level of security.  The illustrative examples of products 
under this category are sub-assembly components, sheet metal parts, all other C class items 
& consumables. 
 
7. 
The companies which have already been issued licence for manufacturing defence 
items and have already started manufacturing defence items, will have to put in place the 
necessary Security Systems as prescribed in the manual within a period of 1 year from the 
date of Notification of this manual.   
 
8. 
Immediately after this Security Manual comes into force, IB/ MHA would undertake 
the first security audit of all the licensed private companies in the Defence sector and based 
on the experience/ feedback of IB/ MHA, the Security Manual may be revised, if required.  
The Security Manual may be revised every two years after consultation with the MHA, IB, 
Armed Forces, Industry, etc. 
 
9. 
Category of security required for a particular company will be specified along with the 
comments of DDP on IL applications received from DIPP.  For existing licence holders, they 
will be addressed separately about the applicable category.  DDP will also put the list of 
defence products category wise on its website.  
 
****** 
 

10 
 
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
Introduction 
 
 
This Security Manual provides the security architecture that needs to be put in place 
by the Indian defence companies in the private sector before undertaking the 
manufacturing of Defence products for which they have been issued industrial licence under 
IDR Act.  The level of security will depend upon the category of the product, the company 
intends to manufacture.  Under all circumstances, the companies with whom any classified 
information is shared by the Government as a part of the procurement contract or 
otherwise would come under the purview of Official Secrets Act, 1923. 
 
Responsibilities of ILDC 
 
 
The Indian Licensed Defence Company (ILDC) is required to give an undertaking 
before commencing production of defence products that it shall comply with the provisions 
of the Security Manual.  Simultaneously, the ILDC shall take steps to create the security 
mechanism and apparatus in its production/manufacturing facility(ies) fully meeting the 
security standards prescribed in this Security Manual in order to safeguard the security of 
the Government classified information shared with ILDC as well as materials and end 
products in all phases of production activity till the end products are finally 
delivered/handed over to the authorized agency.  In summary, the responsibilities of the 
ILDC, inter alia, mainly entail the following:- 
 
Security Organization & Personnel Security 
 
 Appointment of an Indian citizen as the Company Chief Security Officer (CCSO) who 
will be responsible for implementing the security architecture in the company as 
detailed in this Security Manual; 
 
 Thorough verification of character and antecedents of all persons before joining and 
periodic security check of various personnel employed including all levels of 
management;  
 
 Briefing all employees on security do’s/don’ts as part of induction programme and 
obtaining a written undertaking from them at the time of joining that they have read 
and understood the contents of this Security Manual.  Their attention may also be 
drawn in particular to the Official Secrets Act, 1923 which extends to the whole of 
India and applies to servants of the Government and to citizens of India outside 
India. 
 
 Reporting to the nearest Police Station and the concerned desk in the Industrial 
Security Branch of the Intelligence Bureau  for any information with regard to actual, 
possible or probable espionage, sabotage, terrorism or subversion activities in its 
location; 

11 
 
 Reporting to the nearest Police Station and  the concerned desk in the Industrial 
Security Branch of the Intelligence Bureau, for any adverse information about any 
employee(s) that has come to notice; 
 
 Submission of the following Reports to the Industrial Security Branch of IB:- 
- 
Any loss/recovery of arms, ammunition, explosives, accidents, incidents 
immediately on its occurrence and the same to be reflected in quarterly report. 
- 
Foreign national  visit  to non-sensitive area shall be reported to MoD after the 
visit within fifteen days and the same to be reflected in quarterly report. 
- 
Quarterly report on the visits of foreign business visitors, Fire, accidents, 
incidents, Action Taken Report on the visits of IB and other agencies nominated 
by MHA for external security audit and internal security audit. (format enclosed).   
Document Security 
 
 Ensuring safe custody of classified documents and material and maintaining a 
security system to prevent their unauthorised removal from the facility; 
 Developing procedures for safeguarding classified material in emergency situations; 
 
Communication, Computer and Cyber Security 
 
 Appointment /nomination  of an Indian citizen as Cyber Information Security Officer 
(CISO) who would, inter alia, be responsible to undertake activities like 
development, implementation and evaluation of the facility Information System(IS) 
program, safeguard computer storage media, software, sensitive and proprietary 
data and prevent threats to computer and cyber security. 
 The CISO function may be accomplished by one senior officer  with adequate 
computer knowledge in addition to his / her job. 
 The CISO would report directly to Senior most management of the Company. 
 
 The ILDCs in  Category A & B  shall get an annual Cyber Security Audit conducted. 
This Cyber Security Audit shall be undertaken by a Third Party, from the list of 
certified Cyber Security Auditors as published by Computer Emergency Response 
Team – India) CERT-In, on their web site. In case of Cat-C ILDCs, as and when the 
ILDC is dealing with classified information, similar audit is to be carried out. 
 
 Audit reports shall be submitted to NCIIP or to IB, depending on whether the ILDC is 
classified as being part of National Critical Information Infrastructure. 
 
 A compliance report regarding rectification / addressal of flaws / vulnerabilities 
detected and reported in the Cyber Security Audit shall be rectified within the 
shortest possible time and a quarterly report submitted within three months as to 
progress on the matter, till such time as all audit findings are satisfactorily 
addressed. 
 
 

12 
 
Security of Premises and Physical Security Measures 
 
 Institute 
Physical 
security 
measures 
through 
deployment 
of 
security 
personnel/guards for security of premises, perimeter wall, proper access control , 
maintaining round the clock surveillance, monitoring through CCTVs and intruder 
alarm system. 
 Equipping  Entry and Exit gates with DFMDs and HHMDs and manual I-Card checking 
facility and deploying adequate number of security personnel for frisking and 
baggage screening of employees moving in and out of the plant / facility. 
 Patrolling in and around the Vital Points including night patrolling by guards and dog 
squads, if required. 
 Providing under carriage trolley mirrors to check the vehicles. 
 Setting up a Control Centre with monitoring and recording for 90 days with replaying 
facility for monitoring all visitors’ activities within the plant/facility.  The Control 
Room should be manned round the clock with standby arrangements in place. 
 Personnel leaving employment should be relieved only after  handing over 
passwords, email or security access pass etc. 
 Ensure that the vehicles for transportation of explosive materials/finished products 
are escorted by the armed guards. 
Visit of foreign nationals 
 
 Reporting the details of the visit of the foreign nationals permitted with the approval 
of Govt of India /CEOs/Head of the organization, indicating the purpose, duration 
and site/place of the visit, to the nearest office of the IB within two days of the visit. 
 
Disaster Management Plan 
 
 Drawing up an elaborate disaster management plan to safeguard the plan/facility 
from major catastrophic incidents and carrying out frequent rehearsals to ensure 
effectiveness of the plan in the event of any disaster. 
 
Security Audit and compliance to security audit observations 
 
 MoD will be nodal agency for implementation and review of manual. IB/MHA would  
be responsible for security audit and enforcement of manual. 
 Initially IB would conduct audit of all the ILDCs and based on the experience and 
feedback MoD would review the manual, if required. 
 A panel of officers would be drawn from OFB, DPSUs, SHQ who can be nominated as 
the member of the security audit team of IB/MHA.  
 
 Action would be taken against the companies for non-adherence to the manual or 
any other instructions issued by DDP/DIPP under the relevant Rules/Act. 

13 
 
 All ILDCs shall submit a self certification and compliance report committing this to 
the internal security audit, to the DIP Division in the Department of Defence 
Production /MOD and IB. 
 Carrying out internal security audit at least  twice a year including that of Head Office 
in case of multi-facility organization to ascertain the level of compliance of security 
instructions and procedures contained in this Security Manual.  
 Providing all the requisite assistance to the IB for carrying out external security audit 
MHA/IB shall also be at liberty to visit any ILDC for a random security system 
assessment. 
 Ensuring strict compliance to the security audit observations and monitor the timely 
implementation of corrective/preventive actions and its effectiveness. 
 
Waste Management 
 
 Devise comprehensive guidelines for waste management and components rejected 
during the QA evaluation and periodically reviewing the guidelines depending upon 
the work being executed at the plant. 
Miscellaneous 
 Reporting the incidents of breach of security involving loss of any type to Ministry of 
Defence  and IB immediately on their occurrence. 
 
 It must be noted that the onus is on the licensed companies to strictly adhere to and 
comply with the provisions of this Security Manual in letter and spirit. Respective 
CEO/Head of the organization; consequences of non-compliance will depend upon 
the severity of the security breach and violations, which may lead to cancellation of 
the Industrial license and imposition of penalty prescribed under the statutory 
provisions of the Industrial (Development & Regulation) Act, 1951. The ILDCs are 
further liable for action against them in the event of any breach of security resulting 
into compromising the national security and national interest under  Official Secret 
Act, 1923. 
 
 Returning all classified information and materials in its possession to the Ministry of 
Defence immediately in case of cancellation / suspension of industrial licence, 
completion of projects/procurement, pre-mature closure of the unit.   
 
 The manual may be reviewed thoroughly by MoD once in two years for necessary 
up-dation, if required. 
 
****** 

FLOW DIAGRAM ON REPORTING AND COMPLAINCE 
 
 
Report on Fire accidents & 
other incidents / accidents 
to IB 
(Quarterly) 
Action taken report to 
IB 
(Quarterly) 
Report on Visit of 
foreign business 
visitors 
(Quarterly) 
Report to MHA on list of 
employees cleared from 
security angle 
(Quarterly) 
Internal Inspection Reports 
of Manufacturing Facilities  
(Half -Yearly) 
Report to IB/MHA/DDP on 
compliance with 
observations of Internal 
and External Audit 
(Quarterly) 
Report on 
Loss/recovery/unearthed 
Arms & Ammunition an d 
Explosives 
(Quarterly ) 
 
Self certification on 
compliance to internal 
Security Audit 
(31st March of every year) 
Undertaking to 
MHA/MOD/DIPP 
to comply with 
provisions of 
Security  Manual 
(immediately) 
Post issue of 
Industrial Licence
Annual Cyber 
Security Audit 
for Cat-A & B. 
Cat-C  in case 
of 
classified 
information, if 
any. 

15 
 
 
 
SECURITY MANUAL 
FOR 
 
CATEGORY-A 
 
INDIAN LICENSED DEFENCE 
INDUSTRIES 
 
 
 

16 
 
CHAPTER – I 
General Provisions, Requirements and Responsibility 
 
1.1 
Scope.      
 
1.1.1 The Manual is applicable to all Indian companies engaged in the production 
of defence products and issued Industrial License by the Dept of Industrial 
Policy & Promotion. 
 
1.1.2 This Manual applies to and shall be used by all ILDCs to safeguard 
Government classified information and materials released to an ILDC, 
including, but not limited to, such information released during all phases of 
the contracting, licensing and grant process,  bidding, negotiation, award, 
performance, and termination, or any product, assembly or component 
arising out of such classified information. 
 
1.1.3 When an ILDC is executing a Govt Project, dealing with classified information, 
material, document, it will be the responsibility of CEO, who in consultation 
with CCSO will earmark the areas as classified/sensitive, depending upon the 
nature of work being carried out in such areas/zone. 
 
1.2 
Authority:  
 
1.2.1 The implementation of the manual is the overall responsibility of the Chief 
Executive Officer (CEO) / Head of ILDCs. 
 
1.2.2 The IB is the designated agency for inspecting and auditing ILDCs who require 
or will require access to, or will store classified information and materials 
covered by this Manual.  
 
1.3 
Responsibility of the Management and Employees.  
 
1.3.1 It is the direct responsibility of every employee of the company to safeguard 
the security of all classified information and materials to which he has access 
in course of his duties or which he comes in possession in any other way.  
 
1.3.2 It is the duty of each employee of the company to immediately bring to the 
notice of his superior officer or the Company Chief Security Officer (CCSO), 
any breach of security regulations in general and/or in particular, any 
compromise on classified information or materials, either deliberately or 
inadvertently. 

17 
 
 
1.3.3 Every employee in the supervisory level is required to ensure, by frequent 
surprise checks, visits to office rooms and other places where his 
subordinates work or which they frequent and by all other means in his 
power, that the instructions laid down for the conduct of business and 
maintenance of security in company are fully understood and complied with 
by all of them. It will also be his duty to bring immediately to the notice of his 
superior officer, or to the officers responsible for security in his department, 
any instance of breach of security regulations by any member of the staff 
working under him or in that department, or of any misconduct, of such a 
nature as would give rise to doubts about  the staff member’s integrity/ 
reliability from the security point of view. 
 
1.3.4 Whenever a new employee joins the company and/or the department, the 
superior officer of the employee will ensure that the new incumbent has read 
and understood the contents of the manual and shall take an undertaking in 
writing to this effect.  

18 
 
CHAPTER – 2 
Security Organization and Personnel Security 
 
2.1 
Company Chief Security Officer (CCSO). Each ILDC or its multi location units shall 
appoint an Indian Citizen as the CCSO, the CCSO should be an ex-Army/CPMF/Police 
Officer who would ensure that security measures necessary for implementing 
applicable provisions of this Manual are in place and the manual is being 
implemented in the true spirit of the intention. Persons of Indian Origin and Non-
Resident Indians shall be excluded from such appointments. The CCSO will be 
responsible for framing internal security policies, Internal Audit, Training, Review and 
up-dation of Security procedures, Up-gradation of Security Equipment etc., Liaison 
with other Departments / Organizations, Civil and Law Enforcement Authorities and 
Intelligence Agencies of Centre and State, etc.  The CCSO may be assisted by 
additional staff  based on requirement and size of the company and should report 
directly to CEO or Executive Head of the Company. 
 
 
2.1.1   Cyber Information Security Officer (CISO):Each ILDC shall appoint/ 
nominate a Cyber Information Security Officer( CISO). The CISO function may be 
accomplished by one senior officer  with adequate computer knowledge in addition 
to his / her job. The CISO will be responsible for framing and implementing a suitable 
Cyber Security policy, conduct of cyber security audit and cyber security training for 
the organization etc. He shall also be responsible for incident management, 
identification of the organizations Critical Information Infrastructure assets and 
interaction with NCIIPC/CERT-In or both, as the case may be. The CISO must be of 
sufficient seniority to report directly to senior most management of the organization 
to ensure functional independence. The CISO may be assisted by additional staff etc 
as required. It is the responsibility of the CISO to ensure that the organizational cyber 
security policy is adequately framed, implemented and audited to ensure necessary 
and sufficient protection from cyber threats. The CISO shall also clearly identify 
residual risk subsequent to implementation of requisite cyber security mechanisms. 
2.2 
Security Staff 
 
The ILDC must employ armed security guards.  These guards should preferably be 
from Defence Security Corps(DSC)/ Central Industrial Security Force (CISF)/ Director 
General  Resettlement (DGR) empanelled agencies having Private Security Agencies 
Regulation Act (PSARA) License.  
 
2.3 
Responsibilities and Duties of CCSO 
 
(a) 
To Implement  the security provisions as laid down in this Manual. 

19 
 
(b) 
To 
clearly 
demarcate 
the 
areas 
as 
Sensitive/Classified 
area/zone/manufacturing facility where the work related to MoD Project is 
going on and ensure that necessary boards indicating such areas are 
displayed. 
 
(c) 
To keep himself fully conversant with all security instructions and ensure that 
the security instructions are fully understood by all employees and are 
implemented or complied with, within their respective sections and offices. 
 
(d) 
To be responsible for the proper conduct, discipline and performance of all 
the personnel in Security department. 
 
(e) 
To be responsible and ensure that fire service section is fully equipped and 
personnel are well trained. He shall take prompt action whenever necessity 
arises.  
 
(f) 
To be responsible for the duties of his subordinate staff and carry out any 
other lawful and reasonable orders issued to him by management.  
 
(g) 
To carry out periodic surprise checks and maintain a record of such checks. 
 
(h) 
To submit report to the CEO/Head of the sub units/division of the company 
indicating lapses noticed by him as and when it occurs. 
 
(i) 
To arrange regular programs to apprise the employees on security matters. 
 
(j) 
To maintain constant liaison with law enforcing agencies and nodal offices in 
Ministries. 
 
(k) 
To carry out improvement in the security system for the premises under his 
charge, as required, over and above the security manual. 
 
(l) 
To arrange Internal & External Security Audits. 
 
 
2.4 
When breach of security occurs, the main objectives shall be: - 
 
(a) 
To swiftly find out what has happened and modus operandi of the breach 
committed.  
 
(b)  
To minimise the damage done. 

20 
 
 
(c)  
To investigate/ trace the culprit and report to CEO/ head of the company by  
fastest mode of communication. 
 
(d)  
To prevent recurrence and suggest remedial measures. 
 
2.4.1 If classified information or materials have been compromised/ lost/ found in 
wrong place, it is to be reported by concerned employee immediately in 
writing to the CCSO who shall take necessary action. 
 
2.4.2 As and when cases of security violations are detected by the Security Staff, 
the same is to be reported to the CCSO on occurrence. These will be followed 
immediately by formal violation reports addressed to the head of the 
department who will thoroughly investigate the matter and furnish an action 
report within a week.  
 
2.4.3 Enquires to have a tentative time frame by which it will be completed, in 
addition, progress report shall be submitted to the office of the Company 
Chief Security Officer till the case is finalized. 
2.5 
Reporting Procedure 
2.5.1 The ILDC shall, at the earliest, report in writing to the nearest Police Station, 
local IB and the designated officer of IB at New Delhi regarding any 
information or materials in regard to actual, possible or probable espionage, 
sabotage, terrorism, subversive activities or adverse information about any 
employee(s)  in any of the ILDC locations immediately on occurrence. A copy 
of the written report shall also be sent to MOD/DDP. 
 
2.5.2 The ILDC shall also report to the IB the following:- 
 
(a) 
Unauthorized receipt of classified material. 
 
(b) 
Any significant vulnerability identified in the equipment or material 
being manufactured. 
 
(c) 
Inability to safeguard classified material. 
 
(d) 
Report of loss or suspected compromise. 
 
 
 
2.5.3 The ILDC shall forward to designated agency the reports as given below:- 

21 
 
Sl. 
No. 
Periodicity 
Title of Report  
Report 
 
to 
be 
rendered 
1 
Quarterly 
Loss 
/recovery/ 
unearthed  Arms and 
Ammunition  and 
Explosives                      
Industrial 
Security 
Branch in IB 
2 
Quarterly 
Fire accidents & other 
incidents / accidents 
Industrial 
Security 
Branch in IB 
3 
Quarterly 
Visits 
of 
foreign 
business visitors  
4 
Quarterly 
Action taken report of 
IB visit 
Incident pertaining to theft, fire, espionage, loss of ammunition etc., will be reported 
to IB immediately on occurrence, over and above,  the same will be reflected in  
quarterly report.  
 
A format of quarterly report is enclosed. 
 
2.6 
Personnel Security 
 
2.6.1 Every ILDC shall ensure that no security leakage occurs through any 
personnel due to any reason, including, but not limited to, the following:-  
 
(a)  
For personal gain. 
 
(b)  
For political affiliations. 
 
(c)  
Carelessness in talk and in handling documents.  
 
(d)  
In correspondence. 
 
(e)  
In communication. 
 
(f)  
Transmission of classified documents. 
 
(g)  
Conversations. 
 
(h) 
In case of any breach in the cyber security infrastructure of the ILDC, 
(National Critical Information Infrastructure Protection) NCIIP / 

22 
 
(Computer Emergency Response Team- India) CERT-In shall be 
notified at the earliest. The ILDC shall ensure that all requisite 
information / assistance is provided by its personnel to support 
activities of NCIIP / CERT-In. 
 
2.6.2 To ensure that there is no leakage of information it is necessary to observe 
the precautions given below:- 
 
 
(a) 
Character and antecedent verification through police, reference 
checks, previous employment verification  has to be carried out for all 
persons before joining the ILDC 
(b) 
In case any adverse police report is received against an individual 
dealing with classified matters, on re-verification, generally after 
every three years, he or she shall be transferred out immediately. 
Persons employed on TOP SECRET work shall be subjected to prior 
positive vetting by IB, and also every two years thereafter. 
(c) 
Only permanent employees shall be posted in TOP SECRET and in 
SECRET sections to deal with classified documents. 
(d) 
Police verification shall also be carried out in respect of Contract 
Engineers who are taken on various projects. 
(e) 
The employees of the company including those of the foreign 
collaborator, involved in design, development and production of 
Defence materials shall be cleared from security angle. The list of 
employees cleared from security angle and engaged by the licensee in 
design, development and production of defence materials shall be 
maintained by the licensee and furnished to designated agency in 
MHA every quarter. The licensee shall define the code of conduct of 
such persons. 
(f) 
All Officers should abide by the provisions laid down in the Official 
Secrets Act, 1923 and give a declaration to that effect. 
2.6.3 It is the duty of every employee to bring to the notice of CCSO if they notice 
any suspicious behavior of employees dealing with classified information like 
late staying in the office, making copies of document, frequent unauthorized 
absence, drunkenness and living beyond means etc. 
 
2.6.4 Unconscious leakage due to carelessness or egoism often occurs at all levels, 
and even senior officers are not immune from this fault. It is the duty of every 

23 
 
superior officer to make note of any such faults if any of his subordinates and 
suitably caution the officer against such lapses. 
 
 
 
CHAPTER – 3 
Security of Premises and Physical Security Measures 
 
3.1 
All Defence related installations automatically fall under category of ‘Prohibited 
Place’ under the Official Secrets Act, 1923. 
 
3.2 
Physical Security Measures: Physical security means security in the form of 
safeguarding the installation which would comprise of providing adequate 
safeguards against an intruder coming from outside to damage the installation. This 
includes securing the perimeter walls, gates, lighting, access control system of entry, 
protection of vital stores and designating restricted areas. 
 
3.3 
Layout of Premises: The installation must have perimeter as under 
 
 
3.3.1   A 10’ high wall with 2’ overhang of punched tape, or an anti-scaling device. 
 
3.3.2   The wall should have manned guard posts (bastions) at regular intervals to 
ensure that the complete area is under observation both by day and night. 
Alternately, electronic surveillance with motion-detection cameras along with 
manned controlled room may be put into place for perimeter security. 
 
3.3.3 
There should be lighting arrangement all along the perimeter wall to allow 
clear observation during hours of darkness. 
 
3.3.4 
To reinforce manual observation and to have data available for investigation, 
the perimeter should be covered by CCTV with recording facility for 90 days. 
 
3.3.5 
If required, electric fence may be deployed along the perimeter wall. 
 
3.3.6 
If possible the patrolling track should be on either side of perimeter wall so 
that security personnel manning the watchtowers have clear view of the 
perimeter wall; besides, they can quickly move to the spot for the problem, if 
situation so arises. 
 
3.3.7 
There should be no construction close to the wall and a distance of minimum 
05 mtrs be maintained inside the wall. Wherever possible, no construction 
zone of 50ft from the compound wall may be maintained. 

24 
 
 
3.3.8 
There should be minimum number of gates. The material gate should be 
different from those meant for the employees. 
 
3.3.9 
Biometric Access Control system must be installed. 
 
3.3.10 At the employee’s gate, there should be provision for Door Frame Metal 
Detector, Hand Held Metal Detector, separate frisking room for ladies. 
3.3.11 The gates must be covered by CCTV. 
3.3.12 A control room to monitor the CCTV’s be established and manned round the 
clock. 
3.3.13 The administrative area should be well demarcated from the manufacturing 
area. 
3.3.14 Road barriers, speed breakers, boom barriers etc., be employed at the gate. 
3.3.15 Trolley Mirrors to be used for inspecting under carriage of vehicles. 
3.3.16 All vulnerable areas/places, perimeter wall, gates, parking area and 
building/structures should be adequately illuminated. 
3.3.17 Siting of electric poles should not facilitate scaling of perimeter wall / fence by 
intruder. 
3.4 
Reception Office and Visitors.  
 
3.4.1 Entry of visitors to classified area/zone/office shall be regulated through the 
Reception Office. The reception shall ascertain the purpose of visit and obtain 
the concurrence from the officer to be visited. A visitor management system  
be put in place for issue of  photo passes to all visitors.  Entry of the visitor in 
the classified area/zone/office would be authorised by CEO/Head of ILDC for 
official purpose only. 
 
3.4.2 No visitor would be allowed to carry laptops, pen drives and mobile phones 
inside the premises.  Entry of such items could be allowed only to non-
classified area for the purpose of meetings that too on specific permission of 
CEO/CCSO of the installation.  
 
3.4.3 Visitor’s vehicle shall not be permitted to enter in the installation and would 
be parked at designated parking areas for visitors. If required, the visitors 
shall be taken to the designated classified area/zone/office in vehicles; 
specially used for such purposes by the concerned office/company or 
organisation.  

25 
 
 
3.4.4 The visitors will, at all times, be escorted during their visit to the classified 
area/zone/office and will not be left unattended or unescorted. The visitor 
shall not be allowed to leave the reception office without an escort.  
 
3.4.5 Official visitors from Ministry of Defence, Government of India, MHA & IB in 
possession of valid ID cards will also be issued with the visitors ID card at the 
reception office; however, such visitors need not be escorted inside the 
classified area/zone/office.  
 
3.4.6 No visitor shall be entertained after working hours. In exceptional 
circumstances where a visitor has to stay beyond the specified time, 
clearance of designated officer as decided by CCSO should be taken and 
security should be kept informed of the same. 
 
3.4.7 Security Control room shall be situated near the factory main gate. 
 
3.4.8 Medics: First Aid Room & Tie up with local Hospitals. 
 
3.5 
Material Gate:  Entry & exit of all material, raw, processes, garbage and scrap must 
take place only through the designated gate, which, as far as possible, should be 
divested from the employees.  Provision of Weigh Bridge be made at the material 
gate. 
3.5.1 Communication: Gates are required to be connected to the security control 
room besides the office and residence of the security officer through a 
communication network that is dependable and operational around the clock.   Also, 
alternate means of communication in the form of radio telephony should be 
available at the gates/ watch towers to ensure uninterrupted communication. 
 
3.6 
 Watch Tower: The following points need to be kept in mind while siting and 
constructing watch towers: 
 
  
 
 
i) 
Siting:  Watch towers should be sited tactically so that the area around is 
dominated with clear visibility towards both the adjacent towers.  There 
should be no dead ground or blind spots between any two towers.  In case of 
any dead ground, the area should be covered with artificial obstacles. 
 
 
 
ii) 
Height:  Depending on the height of the perimeter wall and the construction 
around and within the installation, the height of the watch tower from the 
ground should be at least 15’ to 20’ in order to provide a clear field of 
observation all around. 

26 
 
 
iii) 
Staircase:  The stair case leading to the watch tower should be made in such 
way that the security personnel on duty do not find any difficulty in 
negotiating the same while carrying their weapons and other equipment. 
 
iv) 
Sentry Post: 
The cubicle on the top of the watch tower should facilitate in 
the performance of watch duties of the sentry and also allow him to use his 
weapon effectively when the need arises: 
 
 
(aa) 
The walls should not be more than 4 feet. 
 
  
(ab) 
There should be protection from incoming harsh sunlight and rain. 
 
  
(ac) 
The size should permit the sentry adequate space for movement. 
 
 
(ad) 
In case windows are provided they should have wide angles for  
 
maximum observation. 
(ae) 
Lighting inside the post should be avoided to prevent outsiders from    
keeping a watch on the movement of the sentry and also facilitate a 
clear and effective observation of the area during hours of darkness / 
poor visibility. 
 
 
vi) 
Vision Devices: 
Day and night vision devices may be provided to the 
sentries based on the criticality of the installation and the assessed threat 
perception. 
3.7 
Setting up of Plant Security Council: A Council to be constituted under the 
chairmanship of Head of Unit with CCSO as member Secretary & other 
divisional/section  heads as members. The Council shall meet quarterly and review 
the existing security requirements/arrangements and take corrective actions.  
 
3.8 
Identity Badges, Entry Passes for personnel /vehicle and Parking of Vehicles. Entry 
into Classified zone/area/offices would be regulated on the basis of photo Identity 
cards issued by the CCSO. The Identity Badge should have following details:  
a) 
Company logo; 
b) 
Name  and photograph of the employee 
c) 
Staff Number and pass number 
d) 
Signature of issuing authority 
e) 
Blood group 
f) 
Date of issue and validity 
 
g) 
Signature of employee 
 
h) 
Address of Unit 
 

27 
 
3.8.1 
These ID cards are to be returned to CCSO on the date of expiry of their 
validity or when no longer required. The identity badges should be reissued 
once in 5 years so that latest photo is reflected on the badge.  The Security 
Department should keep relevant account of badges issued. All employees 
shall follow the following instructions:- 
 
(a) 
Every person, irrespective of designation, rank and status will display 
his or her Identity Card or any other identity document issued by the 
CCSO for verification by the security personnel on duty at all times 
while inside classified area/zone/office. 
 
(b) 
Impersonation of the authorised holder of identity card or its 
alteration, destruction or transfer to another person would be a 
punishable under relevant laws.  
 
(c) 
In case any individual found within the classified area/zone/office is 
notable to produce his or her identity card or pass, he or she will be 
brought to the office of the CCSO for necessary further action. 
 
3.8.2 Other than the Identity cards for the permanent employees working in the 
classified area/zone/office, the CCSO may also issue following Identity 
documents:- 
 
(a) 
Temporary Photo Identity Card. To be issued to personnel of the 
company or organisation who are working in the classified 
area/zone/office on temporary basis or for a short duration.  
 
(b) 
Visitor Pass. A list of officers who are authorised to receive visitors as 
per the Company rolls shall be available at reception.  Passes would 
be issued using Visitor Management System by the reception/security 
office on production of a valid identity photo document by the visitor 
(like passport, services ID card, driver’s license, PAN card, Voters I 
card). The pass should be returned by the visitor at the gate on 
completion of the visit and endorsement of time and signature by the 
officer visited upon is to be checked. Online system should be in place 
for min 1 year retention and tracking of visitor details along with the 
photo for future analysis / investigations required if any. 
 
(c) 
Labour Pass   Labour pass with photo would be issued by the office of 
CCSO for casual labourer who are working for a specific period/term. 

28 
 
These passes should be issued to ILDCs whose character and 
antecedents have been verified by the police.   
 
 
Token labourer Tokens should be issued on daily basis for labourers 
employed for constructions / other duties. The contractor employing 
such labourers should be accountable & responsible for such casual 
labourers for the duration of working inside the plant.  To this effect, 
an undertaking may be obtained from the contractor. 
 
3.8.3 Vehicle Stickers. Vehicle stickers would be issued by the CCSO to employees 
who are on  permanent basis and who have a valid photo ID card issued by 
the CCSO for parking in designated area outside the installation. 
 
3.8.4 Loss of Identity Cards. Loss of ID card should be reported immediately to the 
CCSO along with an investigation report from the concerned section/office. 
CCSO may thereafter take further necessary action as per the policy of the 
company/office/organization.  
 
3.8.5 All sections shall maintain a list showing name, designation, identity card 
number, local resident address and permanent home address contact 
number of the employees working in area/zone/office handling classified 
information.  
 
3.8.6 The ID card, vehicle sticker and any other documents issued to an employee 
would be withdrawn and submitted to the CCSO prior to dismissal, 
suspension or transfer of the employee.   
 
3.9 
Keys of the Organization 
 
3.9.1 Keys to the offices rooms/areas/zones holding classified information should 
be kept in a designated placed at the office of CCSO. The keys can be drawn 
or deposited by an employee who has been authorised to do so by the head 
of department/officer in charge of the section or office. While authorising 
employees to draw the keys, it would be ensured that rotation system is 
followed and casual labourer is not detailed for opening and closing duties. In 
case of loss of keys the matter shall be reported to the CCSO.  
 
3.9.2 Prior to submitting the keys, the nominated person shall ensure that all the 
windows are closed and window blinds and curtains are open to detect any 
unauthorized movement / fire. 
 

29 
 
3.9.3 A Team under CCSO should carry out random checks of the rooms after office 
hours to find security lapses, if any, on the part of the occupants of the rooms 
after they leave the premises. 
 
3.10 
Late Sitting in Office.  Staff may sit in their office in the classified rooms/areas/zones 
under supervision of an officer. In case any staff is required to work on Holidays, or 
beyond stipulated working hours, a letter authorising him to do so would be sent to 
the CCSO by the departmental head. However, work classified as TOP SECRET and 
SECRET can only be performed under the supervision of an Officer. The person so 
authorised shall also be responsible for drawing and submitting of the room keys.  
 
3.11 
Photography. Photography wherein any work related projects / manufacturing of 
MoD is being carried out will not be permitted without the approval of MoD. Sign 
boards stating that photographing is prohibited inside the premises have to be 
displayed at main gate. 
 
3.12 
Carriage of Weapons. Carriage of weapons, other than by the staff of CCSO would be 
strictly prohibited inside the Classified Zone/Area. Permission may be accorded to 
official security guards of visiting personnel, after obtaining specific prior permission 
of the CCSO. A kote is to be made near the office of CCSO where weapons can be 
stored and only authorised supervisor cadre is allowed to operate.  
 
3.13 
Carriage of Liquor.  Carriage and consumption of all kinds of liquor(including beer, 
wine and all alcoholic drinks) would be strictly prohibited inside the plant.  
 
3.14 
Security Measures for Sensitive / Secure / Storage Areas for Classified Equipment.  
The storage area may be declared as  Vital  Point with  the  following   safeguards:- 
 
(a)  
Additional Boundary Wall and Power Fence to prevent any intrusion, if 
required.  
 
(b)  
Access control for authorised personnel through photo identity and/or 
proximity/smart/biometric card based systems.  
 
(c)  
Frisking and Baggage screening of employees of persons moving in/ out of 
the Vital Point shall be enforced.  
 
(d)  
Banning electronic gadgets, cameras, storage devices inside the Vital Points 
shall be enforced.  Carrying of high-end mobiles with cameras and other 
features also to be banned. 
 

30 
 
(e)  
Patrolling in and around the Vital Points including night patrolling by Guards 
and Dog squads if required shall be carried out.  
 
(f)  
CCTV surveillance must be provided at entry / exit of Vital Points and other 
sensitive locations inside the factory. Recording of all CCTV footage should be 
kept for 90 days. 
 
(g)  
A two key system may be used for stores holding sensitive hardware wherein 
two authorised persons, one from Security and the other from stores / user 
Department, may be detailed.  
 
(h) 
Suitable Fire fighting and Emergency / Disaster management measures to be 
instituted. 
 
(i) 
Proper foolproof access control to be established. 
 
(j) 
ILDC should ensure that adequate fire fighting mechanism is in place so as to 
ensure that no untoward incidents happen in the premises due to fire.  
 
3.15 Building Security 
 
It shall be ensured that the buildings are constructed at least  05mtrs away from the 
compound wall so that there is no intrusion from outsiders. Wherever possible no 
construction zone of 50 ft from compound wall  may be maintained. 
 
3.16 Emergency response/contingency plan 
 
In the event of emergencies like accidents, terror attacks, strikes, etc. the following 
procedure is to be followed: 
 
(a) 
Activation of control room with immediate intimation to police and local 
authorities and a team of other officers, disaster management mechanism to 
be activated for taking charge of the situation.  
 
(b) 
Display of contact details along with telephone numbers of the higher 
officials. 
 
(c) 
Display of contact details of local police, special branch, hospitals, bomb 
disposal team and local authorities in conspicuous places within premises of 
ILDC besides at security control rooms. 

31 
 
 
(d) 
Emergency exits/ route plan to be identified. 
 
 
CHAPTER – 4 
Material Security 
4.1 
Incoming and outgoing Material 
No railway car, truck or other vehicle conveying crates, boxes, machinery, repair 
parts, fuel or other material should be admitted to the plant without first being 
examined and thoroughly searched by a guard for concealed explosives, contraband 
items, incendiary devices or other hazardous items. No material should be allowed 
to go out of the factory area without a proper pass from an authority authorized for 
the purpose.  Such authority should be restricted to a few officers only and their 
specimen signatures should be available at the gate for easy and quick identification.  
4.2 
Inward Material Register 
Entry will be made in the register in respect of all materials that come into the plant, 
either brought by the contractors as sample, or brought by the stores officers as 
supplies/samples, for which inward materials gate pass has been issued by the 
security gate officers.  Samples and such other materials taken back should be 
crossed out after the party has returned the inward materials gate pass. 
4.3 
Material Gate Pass Register 
This register shows materials that went out of the factory under an authorized gate 
pass.  The time and nature of materials sent out shall the gate staff showing that the 
item is brought back.  The time of return however should be noted.  A specimen 
signature book showing the signature of the officer authorized to sign passes should 
also be maintained.  
4.4 
Material Gate Pass 
A model material gate pass procedure is given below.  The ILDC should, as far as 
possible, evolve a proper gate pass procedure to suit the conditions prevailing in the 
respective divisions and get it issued under the signature of the competent authority 
for compliance:-  
4.4.1 
Description of material gate pass 
There will be two types of material gate passes, viz., 
(a) Non-returnable material gate pass; and  
(b)  Returnable gate passes. 

32 
 
4.4.2    A non- returnable gate pass should be issued for the materials, which are 
taken out of the factory on permanent basis or for materials issued to sub-
contractors etc. 
4.4.3 
A returnable gate pass will be issued for materials, which are sent out of the 
factory on returnable basis.  Returnable gate pass will be issued only to such 
materials, which will come back in the same form without undergoing any 
change.  For finished goods and items against customer order, gate pass will 
be issued only by the stores.  
4.5 
Authority 
 
The CEO/Head of the Organisation will authorise a limited number of Officers who 
will be authorised to sign the material gate passes.   The specimen signatures of 
authorised officers signing the material gate pass will be made available at the 
security gates. 
4.6 
The concerned officer of the security department in charge of the guard room should 
take the following action:-- 
(a) 
Verify the signature in gate pass with the specimen. 
(b) 
Check the materials as per the gate pass. 
(c) 
Affix security outward seal and attest his signatures on the gate pass.  
4.7 
Control SL. Nos. Should be given to the gate passes for taking out returnable 
materials A ‘RETURNABLE MATERIAL REGISTER’ should be maintained by the officer 
in charge.  Proper entries should be maintained giving the reference numbers of the 
gate pass, authority for sending out materials. 
4.8 
It is the responsibility of the department concerned to account for the materials sent 
out.  Proper register should be maintained giving the reference number of the gate 
pass, authority for sending out materials. 
4.9 
The material sent out on returnable basis should be brought back within the 
stipulated period mentioned in the gate pass.  Cases where there is abnormal delay 
should be brought to the notice of the concerned departmental head by CCSO for 
taking suitable action 
4.10 
Gate pass should be issued to all materials including stationary items taken out of 
the gate. 
4.11 
When drawing in CDs/any electronic form are exchanged with subcontractors/ 
vendors in case outsourcing activity involving technology transfer of classified 
projects or indigenous classified projects for manufacturing components, it should 

33 
 
be sent in sealed cover with material gate pass signed by authorized personnel. 
Sealing & dispatch should be done appropriate to the classification of projects.  The 
subcontractor/vendor who has been given any classified project or information 
would also be bound by the provisions under “Official Secrets Act, 1923”. 
4.12 
Items 
brought 
by 
customers/suppliers 
as 
samples 
or 
for 
demonstration/tryout/rectification/repairs etc. should be allowed ‘INWARD GATE 
PASS’ by ‘Security in-charge’ at gates.  The materials will be allowed to be taken out 
on the same gate pass after making proper entry in the office copy of the INWARD 
GATE PASS book.  This procedure will be applicable to materials brought as samples. 
4.13 
For bulk materials brought by contractors for their work, a proper gate pass should 
be issued for taking out the balance materials giving reference of the INWARD GATE 
PASS issued by the security department. 
4.14 
Secret Documents 
The officers of the civil engineering department, purchase department and technical 
department should ensure that graded official documents of any nature including 
blue print should not be sent out without gate pass. A broad outline of instructions 
on handling of classified documents and safe guarding against the exchange of 
information is given at chapter-5. 
4.15 
Material brought on cash purchase Basis.  
Certain materials are purchased on cash purchase basis.  Once a gate entry is made 
for such materials the materials should also be taken out only on material gate pass.  
This is accounting for control purpose. 
4.16 
Hand tools by plumber, electricians and mechanics of transport department who 
attend to repair will be taken out after making proper entries in the register 
maintained at the guard room.   
4.17 
A system to be evolved for recording & tracking of materials using ERP/IFS. 
 
4.18 
Transportation of Explosive and Other Classified Materials 
 
(a) 
In order to avoid any sabotage en-route it should be ensured that the 
vehicles carrying explosives and classified materials are escorted by armed 
guards. 
 
(b) 
Secrecy should be maintained about the transportation plans/date/route etc. 
 

34 
 
(c)   
Constant communication should be maintained while transporting explosives 
and classified materials. 
 
(d) 
It is the responsibility of the company to hand over classified 
material/finished product to the rightful owner, i.e. purchaser. 
 
(e) 
Superintendent of police of the districts falling on way should be kept 
informed about transportation of explosive and classified materials. 
Consignor as well as consignee would keep the Superintendent of Police of 
the district falling on way between the place of consigner and the place of 
consignee informed. 
 
(f)  
When classified Equipment is sent by road in India, the vehicles will, as far as 
possible, be harboured during the night in Military unit en-route.  The 
information for such an arrangement has to be forwarded to MoD well in 
advance of the planned movement, to arrange for the necessary security 
clearance with the military authorities concerned.  In absence of Military 
units they will harbour within civil police station.  Where neither of the two 
courses is possible, the dispatching authority will approach the civil 
authorities through their higher formation, for affording security protection 
and other assistance to the convoy en-route.   The superintendent of police 
of the district falling on the way between the place of consignor and the 
place of consignees should to be informed. GPS tracking devices on the 
equipment / vehicles to continuously monitor the movement of classified 
materials / equipment may be installed. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

35 
 
 
 
 
CHAPTER – 5 
Handling of Documents and Equipments 
 
5.1 
Security Classification of Documents and Equipments 
 
5.1.1    Aims & objective of Document / equipment Security   To prevent a spy or an 
enemy agent from access to classified information/ equipment to help CCSO 
in investigations into cases of leakage and spying and to implement the 
theory of security based on the principle of need to know, need to take and 
need to retain.  Besides, classified document should be kept in such a secure 
place, where only authorized officials should have access. 
 
5.1.2 Matters related to suspicious cases of leakages of classified information/theft  
should immediately be informed to CCSO and head of the company for a 
thorough investigation, taking serious view of such security lapses and 
breaches, dealing appropriately against delinquent official / person.  
However, outcome of investigations should be reported to CCSO and head of 
the company, for taking preventive and remedial measures for strengthening 
the security system. 
 
5.1.3 Classification of Documents and Equipment. Documents and equipment shall 
be classified as follows:- 
 
 
(a) 
TOP SECRET   
 
 
(b) 
SECRET  
 
 
 
(c) 
CONFIDENTIAL  
 
 
(d) 
RESTRICTED   
 
Note: Documents or equipment not covered by any of the above categories 
shall be regarded as unclassified. 
 
5.1.4 TOP SECRET. “TOP SECRET” shall be applied to information and equipment, 
the unauthorized disclosure of which could be expected to cause 
exceptionally grave damage to the National Security or national Interest. This 
category is reserved for the nation’s closest SECRETs and is to be used with 
great reserve. 
 

36 
 
5.1.5 SECRET. “SECRET” shall be applied to information and equipment, the 
unauthorized disclosure of which could be expected to cause serious damage 
to the National Security or National Interests or cause serious embarrassment 
to the Government in its functioning. This classification should be used for 
highly important matters and is the highest classification normally used. 
 
5.1.6 CONFIDENTIAL.  “CONFIDENTIAL” shall be applied to information and 
equipment, the unauthorized disclosure of which could be expected to cause 
damage to National Security or could be prejudicial to the National Interests 
or would embarrass the Government in its functioning.   
 
5.1.7 RESTRICTED.  “Restricted” shall be applied to information and equipment 
which is essentially meant for official use only and which should not be 
published or communicated, to anyone except for official purpose. 
 
5.1.8 UNCLASSIFIED. The designation UNCLASSIFIED is used to identify information 
and equipment that does not require a security classification.     
 
5.2 
Guidelines on Classification. 
 
5.2.1 A document should be given a classification which it really deserves.  Over 
classification or under classification can be detrimental. 
 
5.2.2 If a document or equipment bearing higher security classification is added to 
a file, document or material, the file/document/ material itself will be 
upgraded to that classification.   
 
5.2.3 The document or equipment as a whole shall bear the highest security 
grading that any particular part of it may deserve.  The grading of a file or of a 
group of physically connected documents or materials must be that of the 
higher graded document/ material therein. 
 
5.2.4  Officers authorized to classify:   The originator of the document will be 
authorized to classify the document / upgrade / downgrade the same.  It is 
the responsibility of the originator that care is taken of such documents so 
that the same do not fall in the wrong hands.   The overall responsibility of 
safeguarding classified documents will be of the CEO/ head of the company 
who shall take all necessary precautions / audits / review mechanisms as 
deemed fit.    The level of officer in a company to initiate/handle classification 
of classified documents (Top Secret, Secret, Confidential & Restricted), should 
be designated by the CEO/Head of the Company. 

37 
 
 
5.3 
Marking of Classified Documents and Equipment. The classified documents and 
equipments shall be prepared and marked as per the guidelines described below, as 
applicable, in the following manner: 
 
5.3.1 All documents including Files, folders, binders, envelopes, and other items 
containing classified documents, noting of the file containing classified 
matter will have the security classification printed, stamped or typed in bold 
capital letters on the top and bottom centre of each page of the document.  
Any insertions, such as maps, or illustrations of an individually classified 
nature will also be similarly marked.  
 
5.3.2 File covers containing TOP SECRET documents will be marked with a diagonal 
Red Cross of one cm in width thickness extending from corner to corner on 
both the front and back covers.   
 
(a) A separate record of all TOP SECRET case files will be maintained in a 
register of TOP SECRET documents and docketed by the authorized 
officer.  He should also carefully monitor movement of such files. 
 
(b) Even part files, if opened in relation to any classified document, will have 
the same security classification and will also be properly docketed. 
 
5.3.3 SECRET files covers should carry a red vertical line in the centre. 
 
5.3.4 TOP SECRET, SECRET, CONFIDENTIAL OR RESTRICTED drawings or tracings are 
to be marked in such a manner that the marking will be reproduced along 
with the main text whenever copies are made there from. 
 
5.3.5 TOP SECRET, SECRET OR CONFIDENTIAL maps and charts are to be marked 
under or near the scale.  For marking by stamp, red endorsing ink pads are to 
be used. 
 
5.3.6 TOP SECRET documents should, wherever feasible, be printed or written on 
coloured paper, so that they may be easily recognized. 
 
5.3.7 Marking for ILDC Developed Information and Equipments. Any information 
or materials arising in any manner out of classified information released to an 
ILDC shall be treated at the same classification level as was attached to the 
original information or material released.  
 

38 
 
5.4 
Accounting of Classified Documents and Equipments 
 
5.4.1 Reference Number. Classified documents and equipments shall be given 
code or other reference number, which will be used in correspondence to 
avoid reference to their titles and subject matter.   
 
5.4.2 Copy numbers or Receipts or making of Spare Copies. 
The 
following 
important aspects shall be kept in view in this regard:- 
 
(a) 
When more than one copy of TOP SECRET document is made, they 
shall be given copy numbers and each page shall be serially 
numbered.  
 
(b) 
The transmission of TOP SECRET and SECRET documents shall be 
covered by a receipt system.  The sender shall enclose a receipt for 
completion and return to the sender by the addressee.   
 
(c) 
If the receipt for a classified document does not reach the issuing 
authority within seven days, the issuing authority shall ascertain 
whether the document has in fact been received, if not the same to 
be reported to CCSO. 
 
(d) 
Letters or documents including appendices, if any, shall have 
continuous page numbers.  The total number of pages of a TOP 
SECRET or SECRET letter or document will be indicated in words below 
the security classification on the top centre of the front page. 
 
(e) 
The Typist besides noting down his initials at the foot of each 
classified paper typed by him/her, should also note the number of 
copies made. 
 
(f) 
Whenever a TOP SECRET document is required for preparation of 
additional copies for simultaneous examination,  the same may be 
made after obtaining order in writing from the CEO/ Head of the ILDC.  
It is, however very essential that the originator be informed along 
with its distribution. 
 
5.5 
List of Documents, Checks and Annual Accounting. 
 
5.5.1 All personnel who are holding classified documents and materials shall check 
all accountable classified documents and materials, and render certificate of 

39 
 
safe custody on 31st Dec of each year to the next Superior officer. A copy of 
the certificate will be sent to the CCSO. 
 
5.5.2 Two security inspections and verification shall be carried out, one by the 
Officer in charge of the section/wing/department/unit and another by the 
CCSO during the calendar year.  A physical verification of all the classified files 
and materials shall be carried out during these inspections. 
 
5.5.3 During the checking or inspections, the officers shall recommend   
destruction of classified papers and materials, wherever required. 
 
5.5.4 A separate Diary and Dispatch book shall be maintained for TOP SECRET and 
other classified correspondence. 
 
5.5.5 While making cyclostyled copies of SECRET or CONFIDENTIAL documents, a 
register indicating the number of copies, their copy numbers and to whom 
issued, would be maintained. The copy shall be made in a controlled 
environment under supervision. 
 
5.5.6 End of Day Security Checks  
 
a) ILDCs that store classified material shall establish a system of security 
checks at the close of each working day. 
 
b) ILDCs that operate multiple work shifts shall perform the security checks 
at the end of the last working shift. 
5.6 
Care and Custody of Classified Documents and Equipments /Responsibility of 
Holders 
 
ILDC authorized to store classified documents and equipments shall establish and 
maintain a system to deter and detect unauthorized intrusion or removal of 
classified documents and equipments from their facility.  Personnel who have a 
legitimate need to remove or transport classified material should be provided with 
appropriate authorization for passing through designated entry/exit points.   
 
5.6.1 All categories of classified documents and equipments will be regarded as 
under the personal charge of the individual to whom the same is issued as 
recorded and by whom a receipt has been given.   
 

40 
 
5.6.2 Other Classified Documents and Equipments will be regarded as under the 
charge of the person to whom the custody of these documents and materials 
has been entrusted by the Head of the office concerned. 
 
5.6.3 Individuals in charge of Classified Documents and Materials are responsible 
for their safe custody and their disclosure is limited to only those required to 
know. The concept of need to know to be followed. 
 
5.6.4 Proper handing /taking over of all documents to be carried out whenever an 
individual is transferred or superannuating. 
 
5.6.5 In case any employee transferred from one classified section to other section, 
an undertaking should be obtained from the employee that “ No information 
regarding the functional aspects of the section, cases or reference of any 
cases will be discussed / disclosed by him / her. 
 
5.6.6 The holders of classified documents will carry out periodic checks.   
 
5.6.7 Classified documents will not be studied in the presence of a person who is 
not entitled to see them or left exposed during the absence of the authorized 
holder. 
 
5.6.8 When an individual is the sole occupant of a room and during working hours 
leaves the room for a short period/lunch hour, he must ensure that all TOP 
SECRET documents are locked in safes or cupboards.   
 
5.6.9 The last two officials/late hour duty officers leaving the office will ensure that 
almirahs, drawer of tables containing classified documents inside the room / 
office are properly locked and that no document / paper has been left inside 
/ on table, floor of the room and also in waste paper basket.  They will 
deposit the sealed key to the Caretaker with proper entries. 
 
5.6.10 No single official will open the almirah containing classified document in the 
office while joining the office in the morning. 
 
5.6.11 The following instructions will always be strictly observed:- 
 
(a) 
When it is necessary to open a safe, it will be opened for the shortest 
possible time and  locked immediately. 
 

41 
 
(b) 
Keys, receptacles containing classified documents will be invariably 
carried by the person responsible for the receptacle. 
 
(c) 
Duplicate keys should be kept in a sealed packet which will be in the 
custody of a nominated officer. A yearly report regarding this should 
be sent to the CCSO.  
 
(d) 
In case of loss of a key, the matter should be immediately reported to  
CCSO and concerned lock should be changed.  Even if the key is 
recovered subsequently, it should be regarded as compromised and a 
fresh lock and key should be issued with proper record. 
 
(e) 
Keys should, where possible, be passed from hand to hand only. 
Should it be necessary to transmit a key by post, it will be made up 
into a package so that the contents cannot be recognized, and will be 
handled according to the highest category of document contained in 
the safe. 
 
 
(f)    The company security staff must check employees / staff carrying 
briefcase, purses at exit/entry to see that no official takes out/in any 
classified paper without written authority from the Competent 
Authority.   
 
(g) 
All almirahs containing classified documents will have a cross marking 
on it and it shall be written as “to be removed first in case of fire”. 
 
5.7 
Notebooks of PAs 
 
 
5.7.1   Note-books after utilization of PAs should be returned to the officer under 
whom he works who will keep it in his personal custody and destroy it after 
the expiry of three months from the date of the last entry in the note book. 
 
 
5.7.2 
The Short-hand note books should remain in the custody of the officer. After 
typing out the dictation, the PA should return it to the officer.  In no case will 
it be kept in the locker provided to the PA for storing stationery etc. 
 
5.7.3 
Any notebook, disc, tape, film, cassette laptop, PCs etc. which has been used 
to record classified material, should be treated as a classified document and 
should be kept in the custody of the officer. Classified work done on Laptops, 
PCs will not be stored in the hard disk or CDs and zip drives etc. If used, these 
will be handled as per the security classification of data contained therein.  

42 
 
 
 
5.8 
Segregation and Care of SECRET Section. Any branch/ department or sections dealing 
with classified documents must segregate  its SECRET sections from the non-SECRET 
sections. There must be adequate provision of steel safes for the custody of classified 
documents in SECRET sections. Doors of rooms of these sections shall be provided 
with security locks of proper make and quality in addition to the existing inset locks.  
 
5.9 
Static Protective Arrangements. The window or the skylight of the SECRET section 
should be fitted with wire netting or Iron bars and, if it is accessible from outside, it 
should, in addition, be fitted with strong wire meshing. Lighting arrangements both 
inside a section dealing with classified documents and in the corridors approaching 
it, should be adequate.  
 
5.10 
Guarding - Provision for Lighting. There must be provision of adequate guards both 
by day and by night to prevent the entry of unauthorized persons. The officer in 
charge of such a section shall ensure that only authorized persons have legitimate 
access to his section. If a paper is brought by a person not authorized to enter the 
SECRET Section, arrangements should be made for such paper being taken into the 
section without the person concerned being allowed access to the room.  
 
5.11 
Duplicating Work. Offices or Branches or Sections using Xerox and Photostats 
Machines etc., shall keep a record of all classified duplicating work done in their 
respective offices. The supervision of duplicating work will be done in accordance 
with the following:- 
 
(a) 
Whenever any TOP SECRET letters or documents are required to be 
photocopied or cyclostyled, it would be done under the personal 
supervision of the custodian of the TOP SECRET documents. 
 
(b) 
Xeroxing a classified document of Top-Secret nature should be 
facilitated through a requisition slip duly signed by a designated 
officer by the CEO/ Head of the Company, with proper record 
maintenance at Reprography section.  Similarly, in case of Xeroxing 
confidential document, requisition slips shall be signed by a senior 
officer authorized by the CEO/ Head of the Company. 
 
5.12 
Reprographic Equipment. The reprographic equipment shall be under the personal 
custody of an officer. It shall be located in his room and he shall be personally 
responsible for the custody, operation and accounting of the documents 
reproduced. Any change of the officer or change of location of equipment should 

43 
 
immediately be reported to the CCSO, whose personnel shall make periodic checks 
to verify the system of the accounting. The machine should always be kept under 
lock, while not in use. 
 
5.13 
Opening and Diarizing of Classified Documents.   
 
(a) 
Opening 
 
(i) 
On receipt of TOP SECRET documents the inner cover will be handed 
over by the opening personnel to the Officers. All TOP SECRET covers 
will be opened by the addressee or in his absence by the officer 
officiating for him. 
 
(ii) 
SECRET or CONFIDENTIAL documents will be opened either by the 
addressee or a person so authorised by him.  
 
(b) 
Diarising.  
 
(i) 
The diarising of all TOP SECRET documents shall be carried out either 
by the officer to whom it is addressed or by his personal staff so 
authorised by him. The diarising of SCERET documents may be 
entrusted to the lower level at the discretion of the concerned officer. 
The responsibility of the safe custody of the documents will, however, 
rest with the officer concerned.  
 
(ii) 
The diarising of CONFIDENTIAL documents may be carried out by 
selected nominated office staff.  
 
5.14 
Transmission of Classified Documents 
 
(a) 
Preparation of Envelopes 
 
(i) 
TOP SECRET, SECRET and CONFIDENTIAL documents will be sent in 
two envelopes. To assist the recipient in verifying that there has been 
no tampering in transit, the inner envelope will invariably be a new 
one. The outer envelope will bear only the address, and will not be 
marked with the security classification of the contents. The inner 
envelop will be marked with the appropriate security classification, 
and if TOP SECRET, it will also be marked "to be opened personally by 
or officer officiating" (the holder of an appointment or the name of 
the individual being stated). 

44 
 
 
(ii) 
In respect of TOP SECRET and SECRET documents, the dispatcher shall 
sign the inner cover at two prominent places (e.g. joint-line or the 
flap), with his name, date and time of dispatch clearly written. The 
time of dispatch would also be indicated in the dispatch register. The 
receiver shall scrutinize such covers carefully to ensure that no undue 
time has been taken in receipt and shall clearly indicate the time of 
receipt in the register of the receipts. 
 
(iii) 
In every case, where single envelope is used, the appropriate 
classification of the enclosed document will be marked on the 
envelope, except when Restricted documents are dispatched by civil 
post and they may be sent in single envelope. 
 
(iv) 
Care will be taken to ensure that envelopes are not of poor quality 
and are not overloaded. If the documents to be included are likely to 
be too heavy for an envelope, they shall be made into a parcel, or the 
envelope will be tied with a string. Cloth-lined envelopes, if available, 
may be used. 
 
(v) 
Classified material shall be handled with similar care and attention to 
record keeping. 
 
(b) 
Sealing of Envelopes. 
 
(i) 
Inner envelopes of TOP SECRET, SECRET and CONFIDENTIAL 
documents shall be wax sealed. Special Seals shall be used to seal TOP 
SECRET documents. 
 
(ii) 
The closing and sealing of "TOP SECRET" inner covers will be done 
under the personal supervision of the officers. The inner cover of the 
top secret documents will be sealed only by top secret seal bearing a 
number issued by the CCSO. The closing and sealing of SECRET and 
CONFIDENTIAL inner covers shall be carried out by or under the 
supervision of Section Officer or Personal Assistant or equivalent. 
 
(iii) 
All departmental seals issued to different branches/groups/ units 
must be numbered and a list must be maintained by the issuing 
authority showing person to whom it has been issued.  All such 
persons will be responsible for the security of these seals. 
 

45 
 
(iv) 
In case of any loss of such seal, matter should immediately be 
reported to the CCSO and authority concern for necessary action on 
their parts.  Besides, other seals of the same series should be treated 
as compromised.  Later, a new series of seal with different shape and 
design should be issued as early as possible. 
 
(c) 
Movement of Classified Documents 
 
(i) 
For movement of classified paper within office, a box, may be of steel 
or of thick leather / Rexene/ canvas provided it has a proper locking 
arrangement and cannot be easily cut/pierced/ opened/ tampered, 
need to be used.  Under no circumstances should classified 
documents be carried loose in the hands of the messengers/ 
orderlies.  
 
A messenger carrying secret covers should not leave them 
unattended at any time till they are delivered.  
 
(ii) 
Within the Same Block or Building. TOP SECRET files or documents 
shall be taken only by the officer entrusted to deal with them. In rare 
cases, if a document is to be conveyed through another Officer 
authorized to handle the document, it shall be put in a single sealed 
envelope and then carried. SECRET files or documents shall be taken 
by hand by a person authorised by CEO/ Head of  ILDC. CONFIDENTIAL 
files or documents may be transmitted through any member of the 
staff entrusted to deal with it. 
 
(iii) 
Movement of Classified Documents Within the Same Station.  
Movement of TOP SECRET documents between one block to another 
within the station, shall be through an authorized courier and not 
through peons or registry. If the carriage involves movement in public 
area Journey shall be undertaken only in an authorized transport. 
Wherever feasible, a second person shall also be nominated to 
accompany the courier.  
 
(iv) 
The responsibility of the safe custody and handling of the TOP SECRET 
document will be that of the recipient officer. 
 
(v) 
SECRET or CONFIDENTIAL. Officers may carry classified documents, 
other than TOP SECRET in locked brief cases. In case, brief cases are 
not available, these may be carried in a single sealed envelope. The 

46 
 
documents too bulky to be carried in a brief case may be carried in 
locked and sealed canvas bag or boxes by messengers accompanying 
the officers. 
 
(vi) 
If employees (other than officers) are required to carry classified mail, 
it shall be carried in a locked box or bag, the operating key of which 
shall be with the originator and the duplicate with the addressee. In 
the event of more number of addressees, a special box with multiple 
keys will be used, one key of which shall be with the originator and 
the rest (one each) with individual addressees. Such keys will not be 
handed over to the person carrying the box. 
 
(vii)  
All classified mail inside the Mail Box or Bag shall be kept in a sealed 
cover. While doing so, it will be ensured that classification of the 
letter is not mentioned on the outer cover. 
 
(viii) 
Section / Unit Officers must ensure that no mail is left undelivered 
with the person carrying them particularly on Fridays or on days 
preceding closed holidays. 
 
(ix) 
Similar care shall be taken in the movement of classified equipments. 
 
 
(d) 
Carrying Classified Documents or Equipments to Residence or Outside 
Office.  Carrying of classified documents and equipments to residence of 
officers is prohibited. All Top Secret papers should be dealt with in office only. 
 
i) 
Officers are generally prohibited to carry any Top Secret paper to their 
residence.  When it is necessary to send a Top Secret paper to  CEO/ 
authorized senior officer at his residence after office hours, the 
dispatching officer should obtain his specific instructions that it may 
be sent to his residence and that he would be ready to receive the 
document at his residence.   
 
ii) 
The dispatching officer must ensure that the box in which Top Secret 
document is sent, is locked and fastened to the vehicle in which the 
messenger is carrying it. 
 
iii) 
When an officer having authority to do so carries any Top secret 
document to his residence, he must take the documents only in 
securely locked bag/box, the key of which must be in his possession.  

47 
 
The bag/box must be kept all along in his personal custody till he 
reaches his residence where also this must be placed in a secure place 
to which no outsider may have access. 
 
iv) 
Whenever an officer requires a Top Secret document for meetings 
/discussions, etc. either at the place of his posting or at a place other 
than the place of posting and Top Secret documents have to be taken 
out of  the office, the following procedure shall be followed: 
 
Only Officers authorized by  CEO/ Head of the Company will be 
permitted in special circumstances for taking top secret documents 
out of the building to facilitate  official meetings with explicit approval 
of  CEO / Head of the Company. 
 
 
(e) 
Transmission of Classified Documents to Outstations within India. Classified 
documents will be dispatched through civil postal service subject to the 
under mentioned instructions:- 
 
(i)  
TOP SECRET. TOP SECRET documents will only be sent by special 
couriers. In no circumstances will they be transmitted by civil post. 
TOP SECRET mail, however, will not be dispatched by "AIR DESPATCH 
SERVICE." unless accompanied by special couriers.  
 
(ii)  
SECRET or CONFIDENTIAL. Documents can be sent by Registered Civil 
Post and marked "Registered AD" post on the outer envelope of 
documents. 
 
(iii)  
RESTRICTED. Document may be sent by civil post, and it is left to the 
discretion of the originator to decide whether or not registration is 
necessary. 
 
(f) 
Transmission of Classified Documents to Foreign Countries. Transmission of 
classified documents is prohibited in any form, either electronic/ fax or 
otherwise, to any foreign country. 
 
(g) 
Circulation and Carriage of Documents/Papers Containing Sensitive 
Information for Official Interdepartmental and Other Meetings.  Utmost 
care will be taken to ensure security of classified information required to be 
circulated for Inter-departmental and Other Meetings. Following additional 
precautions will be taken:- 
 

48 
 
(i)  
Need to know principle will be strictly applied while circulating 
sensitive information. 
 
(ii)  
No extra copies of papers etc. will be prepared. 
 
(iii)  
Security classification commensurate with the contents will be 
assigned to the papers/documents required to be circulated. 
 
(iv)  
The papers/documents if required to be sent in advance will be sent 
by name and acknowledgement/receipt obtained. The document/ 
paper will be handed over to the addressee and not their personal 
staff.  
 
(v)  
The paper/documents should be retrieved by concerned office after 
the meetings and accounted for. 
 
(vi)  
Only authorized officers will carry such papers/documents for the 
meeting. These documents will not be carried to residence except 
where permitted. 
 
5.15 
Emergency Procedures.  ILDCs shall develop procedures for safeguarding classified 
equipment in emergency situations.  The procedures shall be as simple and practical 
as possible and should be adaptable to any type of emergency that may reasonably 
arise.  ILDCs shall promptly report to the designated agency any emergency situation 
that renders the facility incapable of safeguarding classified equipment.  
 
5.16. Disclosure 
 
5.16.1 General. ILDCs shall ensure that classified information is disclosed only to 
 
authorized persons. 
 
5.16.2 Disclosure to Employees. ILDCs are authorized to disclose classified 
information to their authorized employees as necessary for the performance 
of tasks or services essential to the fulfillment of a classified contract or 
subcontract.   
 
5.16.3 Disclosure to Subcontractors/ other persons/other ILDCs. ILDCs are 
authorized to disclose classified information to a subcontractor when access 
is necessary for the performance of tasks or services essential to the 
fulfillment of a prime contract or a subcontract. Prior authorization shall be 
obtained by the ILDC in writing from the Government Agency having 
classification jurisdiction over the information involved for this purpose. 

49 
 
 
5.16.4 Disclosure between Parent and Subsidiaries. Disclosure of classified 
information between a parent and its subsidiaries, or between subsidiaries, 
shall be accomplished in the same manner as prescribed in 5.16.3 for 
subcontractors.   
 
5.16.5 Disclosure in an MFO.  Disclosure of classified information between facilities 
of the MFO shall be accomplished in the same manner as prescribed in 5.16.2 
for employees.   
 
5.16.6 Disclosure of Classified Information in Connection with Litigation. ILDCs 
shall not disclose classified information to a legal advisor or consultant or 
representative or any other person acting in a legal capacity unless the 
disclosure is specifically authorized by the agency that has jurisdiction over 
the information.  ILDCs shall not disclose classified information to any court 
except on specific instructions of the agency which has jurisdiction over the 
information. 
 
5.16.7 Disclosure to the Public. ILDCs shall not disclose classified or unclassified 
information pertaining to a classified contract to the public without prior 
review and clearance as specified in the Contract Security Classification 
Specification for the contract or as otherwise specified by the   approving 
authority. 
 
5.16.8 Non-disclosure agreement.   Non-disclosure agreement may be put in place 
before sharing information with any outside agency. 
 
5.17 
Down Grading, Disposal and Destruction of Classified Documents and Equipments 
 
5.17.1 All organizations, departments, sections will carry out periodic destruction of 
documents (once in a year) to prevent their accumulation and consequent 
problems of accounting and security. Screening of documents for destruction 
should be done by a Board of Officers and the proceedings of such Board of 
should be approved by the Department Head prior to the destruction of the 
documents 
 
5.17.2 Downgrading or Declassifying Classified Information. Information is 
downgraded or declassified based on the loss of sensitivity of the information 
due to the passage of time or on occurrence of a specific event.  ILDCs 
downgrade or declassify information based on the guidance provided in a 

50 
 
Contract Security Classification Specification or upon formal notification/ 
authorization.  
 
5.17.2.1 
An Officer will have no authority to downgrade / upgrade the 
security classification of a document received from other department 
without the concurrence of the originator. 
 
5.17.3 Upgrading Action. When a notice is received to upgrade equipment to a 
higher level, the new markings shall be immediately entered on the 
equipment according to the notice to upgrade, and all the superseded 
markings shall be obliterated.  The authority for and the date of the 
upgrading action shall be entered on the equipment.   
 
5.17.4 Disposal. Classified documents will be examined from time to time with a 
view to reducing the number of such documents held. Accountable 
documents, if no longer required by holder, will be returned to the issuing 
authorities. 
 
5.17.5 Destruction.   TOP SECRET, SECRET or accountable CONFIDENTIAL documents 
will be shredded to small size without being able to be reconstituted and 
shall be destroyed by burning and a proper record be maintained under the 
supervision of authorised officer. Documents other than classified may be 
destroyed at the discretion of the head of the office concerned. 
 
 
5.17.6 Other points on destruction 
 
(a) 
Record of daily destruction of classified waste, indicating individual 
detailed for supervision and the time and place shall be maintained by 
the Sections, in order to pin point the responsibility in case of breach 
of security. 
 
(b) 
In no circumstances shall waste paper, drafts, spoiled forms, used 
carbon papers, unnecessary duplicates, stencils, blotting paper, 
impression of official seals and stamps relating to or used in 
connection with classified document be allowed to fall into the hands 
of unauthorized persons. 
 
5.17.7 Record Rooms Following instructions will be applicable for security of 
classified documents stored in the record rooms:- 
 

51 
 
(a) 
Isolated room shall be used for storing classified documents and 
equipments. They will not be kept in the room where other non-
classified documents are stored and kept.  
 
(b) 
Proper fire fighting arrangements will be made to deal with outbreak 
of fire, suitable fireproof cupboards shall be made use of for storage 
of TOP SECRET, SECRET and CONFIDENTIAL documents.  
 
(c) 
Records/files/documents from Record Rooms will only be issued on a 
requisition, stating the purpose and duration for which the records 
are needed. The requisition should be signed by an officer. A record of 
the documents issued will be kept in a register. 
 
(d) 
Data regarding employees engaged in sensitive projects or given 
responsibility to handle sensitive information /materials /documents 
should be retained permanently by the ILDCs. 
 

52 
 
CHAPTER – 6 
Communication Security 
 
6.1 
All communications are vulnerable to interception. Security of Communication is, 
therefore of paramount importance in an organization. 
 
6.2 
Telephones.  
 
6.2.1 No form of telephonic conversation, including intercom PAX and hot lines, is 
secure. Every care has to be taken to prevent inadvertent leakage of 
classified information by discussing classified matters over the telephone. 
Following precautions shall be observed:- 
 
(a)  
TOP SECRET, SECRET and CONFIDENTIAL information should not be 
passed or discussed on telephone. 
 
(b)  
Before answering the phone or passing any official information on 
telephone, the person receiving the call should identify the caller 
beyond any reasonable doubt. In case of doubt, caller should be asked 
to give telephone no. and identity, which should be checked with the 
directory before calling back the caller. 
 
(c)  
To prevent misuse, telephones, they should be kept locked when the 
officer is away from his office. 
 
(d) 
Cordless phones will not be used. 
 
(e) 
If it comes to notice that an intruder has come on the line and some 
information has come to the knowledge of the listener, the same 
should be brought to the notice of senior officers and CCSO so that 
remedial measures can be taken. 
 
(f) 
A thorough physical check of the PABX phones or instruments or 
boxes should be made periodically by the office of CCSO to ensure 
that these are not tampered with. 
 
(g) 
All vulnerable points in the intercom system should be protected by 
wooden or metallic boxes with locking arrangement. 
 

53 
 
(h) 
Telephone conversation is totally unsafe; thus, if at all classified 
information has to be passed on phone, proper secrecy device should 
be used. 
 
(i) 
All telephones should be provided with a caller ID facility. 
 
(j) 
Only authorized person be nominated for maintenance of PAX / 
outdoor plant, furthermore records of same be maintained. 
 
6.3 
Cell or Mobile Phones  / Data Cards / Voice Modems 
 
6.3.1 Cellular or Mobile Phone / Data Cards / Voice Modems are highly insecure 
medium for communication purposes, since it works on UHF and VHF and is 
prone to interception by Frequency Modulation receivers.  These gadgets can 
also be used as effective, unobtrusive listening devices for eavesdropping. 
Technology now exists where the eavesdropping function can be carried out 
even with they are in switched off mode and can be used to shoot and 
transmit still pictures or live videos. Therefore, cellular or mobile phones / 
Data Cards / Voice Modems including WLL phones are potent sources of 
breach of security of information. Also, no technology or device exists which 
can be fitted on them to make it interception proof. 
 
6.3.2 GSM Monitoring system is a commercial off the shelf (COTS) equipment and 
is being manufactured by a large number of original equipment 
manufacturers (OEMs) across the world. Available equipments enable 
monitoring of Communication from briefcase sized equipment. A number of 
Indian vendors are marketing GSM monitoring systems. Due to their small 
size and portability, there is threat that inimical agencies may selectively 
employ such means/gadgets for interception of cellular communication from 
high density areas/ 
specific areas of activity. 
 
6.3.3 The use of Cell phone shall be banned in areas/offices wherein classified work 
is in progress/documents are being worked upon. On special cases 
permission to carry mobile phones by critical staff, in these areas shall be 
recommended by the Head of department and granted by CCSO.  Mobile 
phones are not permitted inside conference halls, operations rooms, at 
official briefings and at sensitive places even in off mode. This instruction is 
applicable to even those who have been permitted. Mobile phone with 
camera and other technical advance features including internet, GSM, etc 
should not be allowed irrespective of ranks inside the office premises.  No 

54 
 
visitors will be permitted to carry mobiles inside the facility, the mobiles of 
visitors is to be deposited at the reception.  
 
6.4 
FAX communications. FAX communications are also vulnerable to interception or 
leakage, e.g.  a cross-connection. It is, therefore, necessary to identify the end party 
before transmitting a message. Papers which are not of classified or sensitive nature 
may be transmitted with the help of FAX in emergent cases. Under no circumstances 
such an option is exercised for transmitting classified documents. No classified 
message should be passed or received on Fax on auto mode. 
 
6.4.1 While using Fax machines a record of the documents or papers faxed or 
received will be kept in a register. The record will include the following 
details:- 
 
(a) 
Time of Fax sent or received. 
 
(b) 
Title of document. 
 
(c) 
Number of pages 
 
(d) 
Sent to or received from. 
 
(e) 
Designation of Officers or office where Fax is sent. 
 
(f) 
Officer authorized to dispatch the Fax.  
 
 
(g) 
No “ Top Secret” message should be transmitted on FAX. 

55 
 
CHAPTER – 7 
Computer and Cyber Security 
 
7.1 
General 
 
7.1.1 Information systems (IS) that are used to capture, create, store, process or 
distribute classified information must be properly managed to protect against 
unauthorized disclosure of classified information, loss of data and integrity to 
ensure the availability of the data and system. 
7.1.2 The organization must, at all times, be in strict compliance with the IT Act 
2000, as amended in 2008 and as amended from time to time. 
7.1.3  Protection requires a balanced approach in IS security features to include, but 
not 
limited 
to, 
administrative, 
operational, 
physical, 
computer, 
communications and personal controls. Protective measures commensurate 
with the classification of information, the threat and the operational 
requirement associated with environment of IS. 
7.1.4 ILDC management should appoint / nominate Cyber Information Security 
Officer clearly defined with roles and responsibilities to carry out activities 
like development, implementation and evaluation of the facility IS program.    
To publish and promulgate IS security policy and procedures to address 
classified processing environment. The CISO function may be accomplished 
by one senior officer with adequate computer knowledge in addition to his / 
her job. 
7.1.5  Threats to Computers security could emanate from internal sources such as 
subverted/disgruntled employees, as well from external sources such as the 
vendors of the Hardware/ Software, outsider maintenance staff or from 
intruders/hackers in the Cyber Space and hostile foreign countries /inimical 
agencies. Threats can manifest as Structured (automated methods of 
information gathering and attack - organised, determined and goal centric) or 
unstructured (network loitering, manual information gathering or attack and 
misuse by accident). Some of the Computer vulnerabilities that exist are as 
follows:- 
 
(a) 
Physical theft of Hard disks, Computer Storage Media, Keyboards with 
memory facility, used Printer Cartridges, Laptops etc. 
 
(b) 
Stealing /compromising data /information by remote access. 
 

56 
 
(c) 
Accidental/Intentional cross connection between the Organization 
Local Area Network and Internet. 
 
(d) 
Spoofing by intruders. 
 
(e) 
Defacing of various Websites by anonymous Hackers. 
 
7.2 
ISO 27001: 
 
7.2.1 The companies shall follow guidelines under ISO 27001. Appropriate controls 
shall be implemented to accommodate the guidelines given in this manual. 
 
7.2.2 This International Standard has been prepared to provide a model for 
establishing, implementing, operating, monitoring, reviewing, maintaining 
and improving an Information Security Management System (ISMS). 
 
7.2.3 This International Standard adopts a process approach for establishing, 
operating, 
monitoring, 
reviewing, 
maintaining 
and 
improving 
an 
organization’s ISMS. 
 
7.2.4 The process approach for information security management presented in this 
International Standard encourages its users to emphasize the importance of: 
a) 
Understanding an organization’s information security requirements 
and the need to establish policy and objectives for information 
security; 
b) 
Implementing and operating controls to manage an organization’s 
information security risks in the context of the organization’s overall 
business risks; 
c) 
Monitoring and reviewing the performance and effectiveness of the 
ISMS;  and  
d) 
Continual improvement based on objective measurement. 
7.2.5 This International standard adopts the “Plan-Do-Check-Act” (PDCA) model, 
which is applied to structure all ISMS processes.  
7.2.6 Norms of ISO 27001 is the comprehensive evaluation of the technical and 
non-technical security features of an IS and other safeguards, made as part of 
and in support of the accreditation process, to establish the extent to which a 
particular design and implementation meet a specified set of security 

57 
 
requirements. The compliance process subjects the system to appropriate 
verification that protection measures have been correctly implemented. The 
internal system shall review that all systems have the appropriate protection 
measures in place and validate that they provide the protection intended.  
 
7.3 
The information security policy must take into account the information systems 
deployed by the organization as well as by any sub contractors, where such systems 
may have an impact of the confidentiality, integrity or availability of systems / data. 
This policy must be made based on a realistic vulnerability / threat and risk 
assessment by qualified information  security experts. The policy must have sign off 
from the senior most management of the organisation. If the organization also holds 
Critical Information Infrastructure, the Policy must be made in consultation with 
NCIIPC. The policy must cover all information devices and, inter alia, include 
Implementation of Security Controls as released by NCIIPC / CERT-In e.g. 
 
 
(a)  
Hardware / software inventory and controls 
(b)  
Protection against malware 
(c)  
User and Password management including for all users handling 
critical / sensitive information including sub contractors. 
(d)  
Revocation of privileges subsequent to termination of employees / 
contracts 
(e)  
Safe and verified backup and restoration mechanisms. These must be 
tested on a regular basis. 
 
7.3.1 Having implemented adequate measures to secure their information 
infrastructure, the CISO must also ensure that compensating controls and 
residual risk are enumerated and sign off obtained from management. 
 
7.3.2 Some common Requirements are: 
 
(a)  General User and Privileged users, their roles, responsibility and 
accountability should be clearly defined 
 
(b)  Require that each IS privilege / general user sign an acknowledgement 
of responsibility to adhere to Information security guidelines. 
 
c)  
Profiling of Information assets based on sensitivity of information by the 
Level of Concern for Confidentiality (C), System Availability (A) and Data 
integrity (I).The level of concern reflects the sensitivity of the 
information and the consequences of the loss of (CAI) confidentiality, 
integrity or availability. Based on these matrices, need for protection 

58 
 
levels and profiles in the form of security, audit, redundancy in the 
infrastructure, backup etc., shall be determined. 
 
(d)  Procedures should be defined about unique identification of user, user 
id removal on termination, transfer; change in roles etc., re-use of user 
id and user id revalidation for the use of any centralised IS resource. 
 
(e)  To maintain the CIA , control and audit logging mechanism along with 
monitoring system should be in place, for changes to data includes 
deterring, detecting and reporting of successful and unsuccessful 
attempts to change etc., 
 
(f) 
Control 
and 
audit 
logs 
should 
be 
available 
in 
centralised 
systems/applications for Successive Logon Attempts, Multiple Logon 
Control, Session termination and User Inactivity etc., 
 
(g)  
Security should be ensured for inter connectivity of multiple LANs, 
when organisation has multiple Units/Offices across the geographical 
location, where interconnectivity may be WAN (Wide Area Network) 
using public networks. 
 
(h)  When Public networks are used proven, secured WAN technologies 
should be used along with appropriate security at the gateway and 
suitable encryption during transmission. 
 
(i)    Proper system should be in place to track, inventories, to carry out OS 
patches, IOS/Firmware updates and Configuration Management of 
information Systems.  
 
(j)  
All Internet facing Web sites /Applications, necessary protections at 
Network Layer and Application, like security during transmission, 
Application Security and Database security should be in place by using 
appropriate security components / measures.  
 
(k) 
The Number of Internet Connections shall be controlled by CEO/ Head 
of Company as per the company policy. 
 
(l) 
Centralised Anti Virus management solution should be in place for 
effective implementation of Anti Virus solution. 
 

59 
 
(m) 
System should be in place for internal incident management as well as 
for implementation of time to time necessary guidelines / measures 
from Computer Emergency Response Team – India (CERT-India)/ 
National Critical Information Infrastructure Protection Centre (NCIIPC); 
and should be able to detect any violations to existing policies and 
ensure updating IT infrastructure. 
 
(n) It is emphasized that the above are indicative and not exhaustive. It is for 
each organization and its management to ensure that due diligence is 
undertaken in protecting the organizational cyber assets, as well as any 
sensitive applications / information that may be handled by sub 
contractors 
 
7.4 
Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP):  should be implemented as system integrates 
internal and external management information across the entire organization, 
tracking of all processes, materials and personnel in the plant. ERP systems automate 
this activity with an integrated software application. The purpose of ERP is to 
facilitate the flow of information between all business functions inside the 
boundaries of the organization and manage the connections to outside stakeholders. 
There should be exhaustive guidelines, operating procedures issued for all aspects of 
plant functioning. Ownership of all processes and inventory held should be clearly 
defined with standby ownership. 
 
7.5 
Physical and Software Security.   
 
7.5.1 Unless the physical security of a computer system is ensured, any attempt to 
protect its operations and data will be futile. Physical security and safeguard 
of hardware from damage, theft and unauthorized access and software and 
data from intentional, accidental or environmental corruption must be 
ensured at all costs.  
 
7.5.2 Safeguarding the computer storage media, software, sensitive and 
proprietary data by:- 
 
(i)  
Safekeeping of computer storage media, (CDs, magnetic tapes, hard 
disk, USB drives etc). 
 
(ii)  
Shredding or secure disposal of console logs or printouts, used printer 
ribbons & carbons, damaged  tapes and hard disks etc. 
 

60 
 
(iii) 
Protection of Switches/Routers and other connectivity devices. 
 
7.5.3 Adequate protection is required both for the operating system software and 
application software. In order to prevent unauthorized access to the data, 
passwords should be assigned at multiple levels i.e. first at the time of 
making the system operational, second at the time of logging with the 
authorized user's name, third at the time of running application software and 
so on, depending upon the type of data being handled. It is very essential 
that there should be a provision of 'Audit Trail' features to know which user 
had logged in and at what time.  
 
7.6 
Acquisition of Computer hardware and Software 
 
7.6.1 Computer hardware, which is proposed to be procured, should be of an open 
system or architecture and the user should be free to go in for 'Annual 
Maintenance Contract’ with any party. The systems being procured should be 
the latest ones which can be upgraded at a later date. 
 
7.6.2 If development of software application is outsourced, antecedents of the 
personnel/company developing the software should be verified. Where 
necessary, Non Disclosure Agreements (NDA’s) must be signed by the 
Contractor / sub contractors. Further, for critical applications the vendor 
should be asked to provide source code for the application developed by him. 
Whenever feasible, dummy data should be used for testing the applications. 
This would prevent the vendor from accessing sensitive information. 
 
7.6.3 The firms, which are offering AMC, should be positively vetted by CISO (with 
help from SIB/ Cyber Crime Cell of local police / MOD/ IB if so required) 
before they are allowed to take up Software & Hardware maintenance work. 
In case the same is not possible, an audit of the firm from security point of 
view should be carried out. While awarding contract for maintenance it 
should be ensured that too many engineers from the maintenance company 
are not allowed to work on the systems. It should also be ensured that when 
the service engineer undertakes the maintenance or repair job, a 
knowledgeable representative of the user invariably remains present 
throughout and ensures that no data or information from the computer is 
downloaded and taken out by the service engineer. 
 
7.6.4 The outsider maintenance Engineer should not be allowed to install his own 
keyboards and other accessories as an interim measure till repaired part is 
returned, as his accessory may have data capturing tools like key logger. 

61 
 
When his accessory is taken back, it may have valuable data captured from 
the computer. 
 
7.6.5 While installing the operating System, only the utilities /components required 
by the user should be installed/enabled. Some of the utilities listed below 
which are enabled by default with the bundled software must either be 
disabled or configured on need basis. 
 
(a) 
Default Password. 
 
(b) 
Sample networking programme.  
 
(c) 
Files sharing tools. 
 
(d) 
Ports enabled by default. 
 
(e) 
Check for presence of any key logger software installed in any PC.  
 
(f) 
Where required CC EAL certification (Common Criteria-Evaluation  
Assurance Level) based on the protection profile required by the ILDC 
must be provided by the vendor. 
 
7.7. 
Miscellaneous Aspects 
 
7.7.1 
Each ILDC shall formulate a clearly defined Cyber Security Policy, 
based on which a third party cyber security audit shall be conducted. 
This auditor shall be selected by the ILDC from the list of certified 
Cyber Security Auditors as published by Computer Emergency 
Response Team – India) CERT-In, on their web site.  
 
 i) The risk to secrecy of data due to the human factor should also not be 
underestimated. The following measures should be adopted in this regard:- 
 
(a) 
Adequate separation of duties and restriction of access in every office 
so that no single person can individually compromise the entire 
system or data. 
 
(b) 
Triennial character and antecedents verification of critically placed 
functionaries of the computer system handling sensitive information 
by CCSO through civil police. 

62 
 
 
(c) 
In-house sensitization and periodical briefing of concerned personnel 
of various departments regarding computer security. 
 
(d) 
Inclusion of talks on computer security in the training programmes on 
Departmental Security. 
 
(e) 
During the periodic security checks of the department, special 
emphasis should be laid on computer system security and any 
loopholes therein. 
 
(f) 
In case of annual maintenance contracts awarded to the vendor, the 
antecedents of their personnel providing service should at least be 
verified from the civil police.  
 
(g) 
All probationers of cyber security applied to the principle ILDC must 
equally carry forward to all contractors / sub contractors employed in 
the project and they may also sign non disclosure agreement. 
 
(h) 
All hard discs pertaining to classified information will, at no cost, be 
sent out for repair / recovery of data or salvage. 
 
7.7.2 
Cataloguing of  CDs/ External / Portable Hard Drive. The CDs (RW), 
Cartridge Tapes, External/Portable Hard Drives used should be serially 
numbered with name of the concerned written in indelible ink. A register 
should be maintained for taking it on charge and destroying those that 
become unserviceable, and periodical checks should be carried out. Supply 
of blank storage medium for use of the PC holders will be made only 
against written requisition duly signed, or countersigned, by an officer.  
 
7.7.3 
External / Portable Hard Drive. Use of External / Portable Hard Drive 
within Classified Zone/areas is not permitted. Only in rare and exceptional 
cases, officers, for whom specific permission has been granted by CCSO, 
can use External / Portable Hard Drive within the classified zones/areas.  
External / Portable Hard Drives will be issued only to such individuals who 
possess the permission by name and it will be in their personal charge. 
Procurement of External / Portable Hard Drive will be done centrally by 
the CCSO with written approval of the CEO/Chairman/CMD. All 
instructions relating to classified documents contained in this Manual are 
equally applicable to External / Portable Hard Drives. Carriage of External / 
Portable Hard Drive inside/outside the office premises is not permitted. 

63 
 
Secondary storage Devices register will be maintained by the respective 
sections/departments. Internal physical check will be carried out within 
the concerned sections/departments every week and result indicated in 
the register. Sections/departments will render a monthly certificate to the 
CCSO 
regarding 
safe 
custody 
of 
the 
pen 
drives 
in 
their 
sections/departments. No visitor/employee will be permitted to use or 
carry personal pen drive / External / Portable Hard Drives within the 
classified area/zone. Loss of External / Portable Hard Drive will be reported 
to CCSO immediately, and investigations carried out simultaneously by the 
sections/departments, to ascertain the extent of loss of classified 
information and to pinpoint responsibility for the loss for initiating suitable 
action against the defaulters.  
 
7.7.4 
Laptops/Palmtop/Electronic Notebook. Carriage of Laptops/ Palmtops/ 
Electronic into or out of classified zone/area without permission from 
CCSO is not permitted. Following precautions should also be taken to 
ensure security of information:-  
 
(a) No personal Laptop/ Pen drive/ thumb drive/ hard disk/ palmtop/ 
Electronic Notebook and mobile phones with Blue tooth /GPRS should 
be permitted to be brought into the classified area/zone by the 
visitors or the employees. 
 
(b) In case a Laptop/Palmtop/Electronic notebook is required to be 
brought inside for a specific purpose, the Bluetooth/WI-FI feature, if 
present, should be disabled and the user/owner should be escorted 
till his exit to prevent any enabling during the visit. 
 
(c) Any laptop taken out for presentation should be checked for 
containing any unauthorised data/information. On return, it should be 
checked for any virus. Proper record of transport of data through 
Laptop should be kept. There should be provision to log all 
transactions, file transfers, read, write modifications etc. 
 
7.7.5 
Scanners. All scanners will remain in the physical custody of their owners  
and record of classified documents scanned should be kept. 
 
7.7.6 
Destruction and Weeding.  
 
(a) 
Damaged and unusable Cartridge Tapes/ CDs/ DVDs/ Pen Drives and 
other CSM should be broken and destroyed by burning or as 

64 
 
applicable to the weeding out paper based files and an entry to this 
effect be made in the register. 
 
 
(b) 
Bad / condemned hard disk should not be released even after it has 
been replaced by a new one. Such hard disks will be destroyed by 
following procedures as applicable to weeding out of classified files. 
 
(c) 
Destructions should be carried out by application of corrosive 
Chemicals (acid or abrasive substances, emery wheel or disk sander) 
to 
the 
recording 
surface, 
and 
by 
shredding, 
incineration, 
disintegration, pulverization and smelting etc. 
 
7.7.7 
Cyber Security Audit. 
 
(a) 
The CISO must supervise all computer security measures within his 
offices/ branches/section. The CISO shall not be a foreign citizen, or a 
Person of Indian Origin who is a  Non-Resident Indian. 
 
(b) 
Cyber Security Audit must be carried out under the strict supervision 
of Cyber Information Security Officer (CISO). 
 
(c) 
Periodic security audit of the IT is liable to be carried out  by 
designated Govt Agencies, from time to time,  to ensure that the laid 
down guidelines are strictly followed. However, this does not in any 
way reduce the requirement of internal security audits conducted by 
the organisation. 
 
(c) 
Periodic Computer Security Awareness programme for the computer 
operator, users and administrators should be carried out to expose 
them to the latest developments in computer security and remind 
them of their responsibilities. 
 
(d) 
Creating own Cyber Security Infrastructure with staff to carry out 
Cyber Security audits and attend Cyber security incidents on day to 
day basis.  Such security audits of the computer system and network 
devices be carried out by: 
 
(i) 
Internal team every six months and report is sent to CEO. 
 

65 
 
(ii) 
CERT-IN 
empanelled 
auditors 
preferably 
by 
STQC 
(Standardization, Testing & Quality Certification) under 
Department of Information Technology once every year. 
 
7.8 
Guidelines for Computer Users or Operators 
 
(a) 
DOs. 
 
(i)  
Observe effective physical security procedures to restrict access to 
computer systems. Access to be given only to authorized persons. 
 
(ii)  
Use hardware locks in the cabinets in which the computer system is 
housed. 
 
(iii)  
The contents of cartridge tapes, CDs or Pen Drives are as good as 
written files. All physical and static protective measures and 
instructions laid down in this manual for document security will also 
apply to the use, control and custody of data CDs or Pen Drives. 
External storage media containing classified data will be marked and 
treated like other classified documents. 
 
(iv)  
All classified documents should be stored in an encrypted form in PCs 
as well as external storage devices. 
 
(v)  
Adopt effective physical access control procedures by incorporating 
proper identification and authentication mechanism like "Complex 
password' at different levels and 'Dynamic Log in' by verifying the 
user's magnetic strip cards, finger prints and voice recognition, 
depending upon the nature of sensitivity of the data. User password is 
the most important aspect whose Confidentiality must be zealously 
guarded. Further, a password should have the characteristics laid 
down in this chapter. 
 
(vi)  
Audit trails are activated for keeping electronic record on the system 
regarding use of computer system by various users. Activities of a user 
be logged and appropriate audit trails be maintained on the system in 
electronic form.  
 
(vii)  
Before deleting the sensitive files, overwrite the files with some junk 
data to prevent restoration of the sensitive data by any means. Keep 
the backup of operating system software and application software 

66 
 
under safe custody. One backup copy should be kept in different 
location as a precaution against fire hazards. 
 
(viii)  
Backup data should be periodically updated. Keep the software 
maintenance tool in your own custody. The periodic checking of 
backup inventory and testing of the ability to restore information 
validates that the overall backup process is working. This may be 
given to the engineer called to attend to the faults in the system as 
and when required. 
 
(ix)  
External CD writers will be under the custody of officer only. CD writer 
will be used only in minimum and unavoidable files and data. 
 
(x)  
Ensure safe custody of the Computer Storage Media such as cartridge 
tapes, Pen Drives, CDs etc. 
 
 
(xi)  
Every new incoming storage media or software should be tested for 
Virus. 
 
(xii)  
Always use original software purchased from the authorised vendors. 
 
(xiii)  
Copying of data, deletion, modification, etc. from the disk should be 
done under proper authorisation and supervision of the office-in-
charge. 
 
(xiv)  
Use Screen saver password. 
 
(xv)  
Use exclusive computer for internet. 
 
(xvi) 
Software tools like device locks may be used to block unwanted 
 
storage devices, Ports and other external accessories. 
 
(xvii)  The movement or exchange of storage medias should be with the 
prior approval of the officer-in-charge of the office. 
 
(xviii)  In case the shift system is in vogue, there should be proper handing / 
taking over among the shift-in-charge. 
 
(xix) 
Damaged and unusable  cartridges, tapes and CD(RW) and pen drives 
should be broken and destroyed and record to this effect should be 
maintained. 

67 
 
 
(xx)  
All the used printer ribbons and carbons should be destroyed by 
burning. 
 
(xxi)  
Maintenance or rectification of faults in the computer system should 
be carried out under proper supervision. Keep an eye on the outside 
engineer attending to the fault in your computer system. 
 
(xxii)  Use UPS units to prevent corruption of data and software. 
 
(xxiii)  Where feasible, all digital storage devices when permitted to be taken 
out, will be password protected and prior permission of security office 
is obtained. 
 
(xxiv)  Some PCs like HCL computers have in-built physical locking system. 
The user should keep the computer locked when it is not in use and 
ensure safe custody of the operating and duplicate keys. 
 
(xxv)  Culture of one printer or more per PC should be curbed. Ensure
 
centralized printing within section. 
 
(xxvi)  Network printers must be located in a secure place so that the 
documents being printed cannot be taken away by unauthorized 
personnel. 
 
 
(xxviii)  Internet PC as well as patches released by OEM should be periodically 
updated. Live updates for Anti-virus/Anti-spyware and portable 
storage media used on internet machine to be scanned for spyware, 
Trojan and another suspicious malware before being used on LAN. 
 
(b) 
DON'Ts. 
 
(i)  
Don't let any unauthorized persons use your computer system.  
 
(ii)  
Don't share your password with anyone, not even your colleagues. 
 
(iii)  
Don't reveal the root password to any unauthorized person, 
particularly an outsider. 
 

68 
 
(iv) 
Don't connect the computer directly to the mains. Also, no heavy 
electric load drawing machines like plain paper copier, shredding 
machines, coolers etc. should be connected to the source of constant 
voltage supply to the computer. 
 
(v) 
Do not connect your computer system storing classified data to 
internet. 
 
(vi)  
Don't allow staff members to bring their own storage medias or 
software to run on the computer system of the department. 
 
(vii)  
Don't use pirated or gifted copies of software as these may contain 
viruses and even facilitate intrusions into the system. 
 
(viii)  
Don't play computer games. These could be the main carriers of 
computer viruses and an unsuspecting or easy media for an intruder 
to break into your computer system. 
 
(ix)  
Don't panic if your system comes to a halt. Try to find out the cause 
and take precautions for future. 
 
(x)  
Don't store TOP SECRET or SECRET information permanently in the 
hard disk of PC. Whenever TOP SECRET or SECRET information is 
processed on the PC, erase the information immediately from the disk 
after the processing is over. When CDs  are used for working on TOP 
SECRET or SECRET information it should be handled in accordance 
with the instructions for handling TOP SECRET or SECRET documents. 
It will be the responsibility of the authorized officer under whose 
supervision the PC work is being carried out.  
 
(xi)  
Don't carry CDs outside the office building. In case a data stored 
media has to be taken outside the office building, its movement will 
be with prior approval. A record of the movement indicating full 
details like date or time of its being taken out, name of the officer 
taking it out and purpose, date and its time of its return etc will be 
maintained. 
 
(xii)  
Don't keep  CDs in table drawers etc. 
 
(xiii)  
Don't become a member of unofficial chat club or official chat club on 
official Internet. 

69 
 
 
(xiv)  
Don't Carry Pornographic CDs or VCDs or such like material in other 
storage devices. 
 
(xv) 
Do not use pen drives, internal CD writer or combo drives unless 
specially authorized. 
 
(xvi)  
Do not use/install freely available screen saver on internet as these 
may have encoded spyware/Trojan. 
 
7.9 
Instructions for Use of Internet within Classified Area/Zone. Internet services are 
based on open architecture with minimal security features. They are also open to 
malicious attacks, hacking, virus activities and cyber-crimes. Unauthorized and 
unregulated use of internet can lead to compromise in security. Internet within the 
office/area/zone handling classified information can be installed in the office of an 
officer with prior approval from the CISO.  Internet connectivity should be provided 
to the offices only on a stand-alone PC. The Internet PC should not be used for office 
work. The Internet PC will have its own peripherals such as UPS, scanner, etc which 
will not be shared with any other system under any circumstances. PC will be kept 
isolated from all other systems, especially LAN/Intranet. Connection of any other 
system with Internet line for any purpose, whatsoever, is strictly prohibited. No 
official or personal files will be stored on the hard disk of Internet PC. Personal media 
will never be used on Internet PC. No sensitive/ classified office work will be done in 
Internet computers.  
 
7.9.1 Keeping in view the vulnerabilities involved in using internet in any sensitive / 
defence installation, apart from cyber security guidelines mentioned in the 
chapter, the following may be incorporated for security of the IT 
network(both internal & external) :- 
 
i) 
Instead of multiple internet connections, there should be limited 
internet gateways for accessing the internet from within the 
organisation. These limited internet connections must be closely 
monitored by the Information Security Operations Centre of the 
organization.  
 
ii) 
All traffic through the organisational internet gateways must be 
screened to ensure that organizational data remains secure. 
Concerned personnel must be sensitized to the fact that their internet 
connections are provided to aid them in discharge of their duties and 
not for personal usage. 

70 
 
 
iii) 
Communication through open e-mail should be avoided from 
disseminating information related to the equipment being used or 
quantity to be manufactured or its component details at any stage 
(from development, testing to deployment) to its joint partners 
(contractors /sub-contractors). 
 
 
iv) 
If the joint venture involves collaboration of foreign firm(s) then, 
connectivity of their computers with contractor system needs to be 
examined from security angle. 
 
v) 
All employees should be barred from using private email addresses 
(like gmail, hotmail, yahoo, rediffmail, etc) for any form of official 
communications and emails from suppliers/contractors through 
private emails addressees should be barred, as far as possible. 
 
vi) 
Social media usage policy should be defined and enforced on all 
employees. Unless specifically required for discharge of their duties, 
employees must be prohibited from accessing social media sites from 
their official systems. Employees should be discouraged from 
publishing information related to their work. 
 
vii) 
Server room/network room should have biometric access control 
systems with CCTV coverage in place. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

71 
 
CHAPTER – 8 
Subcontracting  
 
8.1 
In case the ILDC  outsource/ release or disclose classified information/ project to a 
sub-contractor all provisions of the Security Manual as per applicability shall be 
followed.  It shall be the duty of CCSO to appraise the CEO / Head of Installation with 
regard to all the security provisions to be followed.  The security parameters 
between the subcontractor and the ILDC shall be included in the contract with the 
following additional provisions: 
 
(a) 
Out sourcing partners personnel and facilities would also be covered under 
the Official Secrets Act, 1923, whenever  the ILDC is handling  classification 
material, document, information etc. 
(b) 
Persons working on such projects should be checked for character 
antecedents and police verification shall be obtained before inducting any 
person on such assignments. 
(c) 
All the relevant clauses of the Manual of Security are to be made applicable 
for the sub-contractor. 
 
8.2. 
The names of the Government Authority of each of the two countries empowered to 
authorise the release and to co-ordinate the safeguarding of Classified Information 
related to the Contract and the channels to be used for the transfer of the Classified 
Information between the Participants National Security Authority (NSA)/ Designated 
Security Authority (DSA)/ Competent Security Authority (CSA) and/or Contractors 
involved shall be governed by non-disclosure agreement. 
 
8.3 
Terms and conditions relating to retention, handling and destruction of classified 
information/material received or generated under the subcontract shall be clearly 
indicated in the main contract between the subcontractor and the prime ILDC. If 
certain classified information/material received or generated under the subcontract 
is intended to be retained, then the subcontractor has to comply with the provisions 
of this manual and give an undertaking of the same to ILDC and nominate 
government agency.  
 
8.4 
Engagement of consultants/advisers. 
 
ILDC should ensure that the background and the character & antecedents of the 
advisers/consultants are verified before hiring their services. ILDC would be 
responsible for verification of C&A of advisors /consultants. 
 
 
8.5 
Audit Recommendations.  The ILDC shall receive the recommendations made by 
Audit Teams.  The ILDCs shall make note of recommendations and take action as 
warranted. 
 

72 
 
CHAPTER – 9 
International Security 
 
9.1 
Imports of Equipment/ Materials 
 
(a) 
Where Sensitive Equipment/ Materials is bought or otherwise acquired by 
the ILDC, it should be ensured the equipment is securely packed and sealed 
and transported.  The packages will not have any markings to indicate that 
the Equipment is Top secret / Secret. 
 
(b) 
Top Secret and Secret Equipment/ Materials will not be shipped in Vessels / 
Flights which unload cargo in other countries or call at ports of unfriendly 
countries en-route. 
 
(c) 
Bills of lading or other documents will not indicate the classification of the 
Equipment.  Separate bills of lading may be made out for small consignments 
which are delivered to the Master of the Ship for personal custody during 
transit.  These documents will indicate the equipment in general terms, e.g. 
Instrument, PCB and so on, but will not give precise details. 
 
(d) 
Where possible, intimation will be sent to the consignee through official 
channels of the company.  If time does not permit, intimation may be given 
through a coded / encrypted signal etc., describing the equipment in general 
terms and indicting the security measures to be adopted. Such consignments 
should be immediately removed from the Cargo area to the respective 
manufacturing Division / Unit or Factory.   
 
(e) 
Consignments of classified equipment awaiting shipping will be suitably 
shrouded.  If the size of the equipment does not permit this, it should be 
stored in such a way as to be out of sight of observers.  These consignments 
will be adequately guarded to prevent pilferage or inspection by outsiders. 
 
(f) 
The Embarkation Firm / Agency abroad will inform the respective 
manufacturing Division / Unit or Factory of the dispatch of classified 
equipment.   On receipt of such intimation and based on expected date of 
arrival of equipment, the desired level of security measures are to be 
adopted. 
 
(g) 
The Embarkation Firm / Agency will be responsible for enforcing the 
necessary security measures including provision of escort, if any, till the 
equipment is taken over by the receiving manufacturing Division / Unit or 

73 
 
Factory.  Where necessary, the consignee will detail an officer to go to the 
port of disembarkation to take over the Equipment.  The receiving officer will 
cover the equipment or otherwise conceal it and, if necessary, unload and 
move it out of the port during night so that chances of leakage of information 
are minimized. 
 
(h) 
 Single point contact (Security Co-ordinator) shall be designated for 
controlled movement of classified materials and documents from foreign 
source with whom collaborators can communicate for secured transaction of 
TOT documents/Materials. 
 
9.2 
Warning to Consignees. Consignors of classified equipment will warn Consignees of 
the classification of the Equipment and the precautions to be taken.  Escorts will be 
detailed during movement of all classified equipments. Procedure followed for 
movement of classified documents would also be applicable to movement of 
sensitive equipment.  
 
9.3 
Handing and Taking Over.   Those concerned with Handing/ Taking over of classified 
equipment will ensure that they are fully aware of its classification and security 
measures to be adopted.  Warnings as to the security measures necessary will be 
issued in writing.  Top Secret and Secret Equipment will be Handed/ Taken over 
under the direct supervision of authorized senior officer only. 
 
9.4 
Movement. 
 
(a) 
Consignors of Top Secret and Secret Equipment will warn the consignee of 
the dispatch of equipment so that the latter is in a position to make adequate 
security arrangements to receive it.  All such equipment will be suitably 
shrouded and accompanied by an escort to ensure that no unauthorized 
person gains an access to them surreptitiously. 
 
(b) 
When only portion of equipment is Top Secret or Secret and it is possible to 
conceal that portion, it is not necessary for the entire equipment to be 
covered up.  Only the Top Secret / Secret portion(s) of such equipment 
should be covered. 
 
(c) 
If a portion of equipment is ‘Top Secret’ or ‘Secret’, the consigner would 
ensure that the whole equipment is covered before dispatch. 

74 
 
CHAPTER – 10 
Visits and Meetings 
 
10.1 
Visit of foreign Nationals.  
10.1.1  
a)   
No foreigners would be allowed to visit the area/zone/manufacturing 
facility where the work related to MoD projects is going on without 
clearance of MoD. 
b) 
The  CEO / Head of the concerned ILDCs shall have the power to 
approve business visits of foreign nationals to non-security/non-
strategic  areas only, of the manufacturing /R&D units of the Company 
and such visit shall be reported to IB after the visit within fifteen days.  
This will also be reported to IB/MoD in quarterly report. 
b) 
For the duration of the visit, the foreign nationals will be escorted by 
the security officer or officer  designated by the company. 
c) 
No  photography in the areas where work related to defence related 
projects will be permitted.  It may also be ensured that viewing of 
contagious security areas does not occur. 
d) 
After the visit, the names and particulars of the foreign nationals, the 
purpose, duration and site of the visit are to be communicated to the 
Intelligence Bureau, Ministry of Home Affairs quarterly.  Instructions 
received from  Dept of Defence Productions, Ministry of Defence in 
this regard from time to time will be followed. 
10.1.2 In keeping with the above instructions, following procedure would be 
adopted for processing security clearance of Foreigners visiting the Company. 
 
 
 
(a)  
The Head of the Department  / Division / Factory  Office as the case 
may,  will initiate the case for visit of foreigners, well in advance,  
giving the following particulars:-  
 
(i)   
Full name  of  the  visitor. 
(ii)  
Nationality of   the visitor. 
(iii)  
Date of birth. 
(iv)  
Parentage of the visitor. 
(v)   
Permanent and Present address of the visitor. 
(vi)  
Passport No with date and place of issue. 
(vii)   
Validity of Passport. 

75 
 
(viii)   Occupation and Name of the Firm / organization which the 
visitor is representing. 
(ix)  
Specific purpose of the visit. 
(x)  
If the foreigner has visited the establishment earlier, full 
details of the same is to be furnished.  
(xi)  
Details of escort being provided for conducting the tour of the 
Foreign National(s). 
(xii)  Address of Hotel/accommodation where the foreign visitor 
staying  in India during the visit. 
(xiii) 
The address of the Indian company with which the foreigner is 
having partnership/alliance etc. 
(xiv) 
Date & Time of visit 
(xv) 
Area to be visited 
(xvi) 
Certificate that no classified document shall be shared with 
the foreign visitors. 
 
(b) 
The particulars of the foreigners will be filled in a proper  format and 
processed through CEO/Head of ILDC  as the case may be for 
approval.   Purpose of the visits also needs to be mentioned in the 
format prescribed for this purpose. The particulars  are also to be   
intimated to MHA & IB in the prescribed format as indicated in 
10.1.2(a).    
 
(c) 
The approved copy will thereafter be forwarded to CCSO for 
preparing the Visitors Pass.  
 
10.1.3 While conducting the visits of Foreigners, Instructions issued by the 
MHA/MoD from time to time would be followed. 
 
10.1.4 In addition following points would also be adhered to:- 
 
(a) 
The number of visits to non-sensitive areas/zones/offices shall be 
restricted to the barest essential and would be on need to know basis. 
Procedures to ensure that visitors are only given access to information 
consistent to their visit would be put in place by ILDC. The 
responsibility for determining need to know in connection with the 
visit shall rest with the individual who will disclose the information.  
 
(b) 
If the visit to Manufacturing areas is considered necessary, the visitor 
should be allowed access to only these areas, which are relevant for 
the purpose of the visit.  

76 
 
 
(e) 
Notwithstanding the above guidelines, no foreign visitor should be 
allowed to manufacturing and development areas of Electronics 
Warfare and secure communications. 
 
(f) 
The aforesaid guidelines should also apply to NRIs, Persons of Indian 
Origin, and Indian citizens representing foreign firms.  
 
(g) 
No exposure as well as disclosure about activities undertaken at ILDC 
would be made to any foreign visitor without exclusive clearance from 
CEO/Head of ILDC. Such disclosures would be on minimum need basis. 
 
10.2 
Meetings. Meetings would mean conference, seminar, symposium, exhibit, 
convention, training course or such gathering. Meeting with foreigners pertaining to 
MoD projects / classified information is not permitted without the approval of MoD. 
 
10.2.1 ILDCs may conduct meetings with regard to Government Projects, with 
limited number of people who are connected with the project.  However, all 
concerned officials will be governed under OSA, 1923.   The information 
which is to be disseminated shall be cleared by the CEO. If ILDC wants to 
conduct meeting involving classified information, the same may be done with 
due authorization of CEO. However, it is the responsibility of the CEO to 
ensure that classified information is not leaked.   
 
10.3 
Request by Reps from ILDC to attend Classified Meetings.  The CEO  may authorize 
its nominated employee(s)  to attend certain classified meetings pertaining to 
classified information / sensitive information. It is the responsibility of CEO for non 
leakage of information. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

77 
 
CHAPTER – 11 
Training 
 
11.1 
It shall be the responsibility of the ILDC to provide all employees with security 
training and briefing, commensurate with their roles and responsibilities while 
dealing with classified information. Towards this, the ILDC may obtain defensive 
security, threat awareness and other educational and training information from the 
nominated agency of Government of India, Ministry of Defence.  
 
11.2 
All employees should be briefed on security do’s/don’ts on joining as a part of 
induction programme. 
 
11.3 
ILDC shall also be responsible for the training of CCSO and other members of his staff 
performing security duties, as promulgated from time to time by Ministry of Home 
Affairs. Training shall be based on the ILDC involvement with classified information 
and should be completed within One year of appointment as CCSO. Government 
may organize  security briefings to the CCSO and other  security staff  as required 
from time to time.  
 
11.4 
Prior to being granted access to classified information, an employee shall receive an 
initial security briefing that includes the following:  
 
 a.   A threat awareness briefing.  
 b.   A defensive security briefing.  
 c.   An overview of the security classification system.  
 d.   Employee reporting obligations and requirements.   
 e.   Security procedures and duties applicable to the employee's job. 
 
11.5 
Refresher Training.  The ILDC shall provide all the employees with some form of 
security education and training at least once a year, which shall aim at refreshing the 
training provided during the initial security briefing, update of security regulations 
and any new developments. ILDC shall maintain a record of all training conducted 
and employees participation in them.  
 
11.6 
Security Training of  Vendors / Contractors And Casual Labourers.  Security 
discipline needs to be imbibed among   Vendors / Contractors and Casual Labourers 
for better efficiency of the overall Security system.  This can be achieved by detailed 
briefing or small training capsule to contractors   and on-the-job training to their 
casual labourers.  A clause on termination of services / contract as the case may be 
for breach of security of any kind must form part of the contract agreement between 
the ILDC and the Contractor/ Vendor.   

78 
 
 
11.7 
Training of Project Work Trainees.    ILDC’s may permit trainees to undergo training 
/   undertake project work, however, all such trainees shall not be employed in any 
classified projects nor have any access to classified areas/zones/offices.  In addition 
all the students must be properly briefed about the sensitivity of the organization 
and conduct expected from them on Information Security. Police Verification 
including Bonafide /Conduct certificates from respective college should accompany 
the sponsorship of Trainees before permitting the students / trainees to take up 
project work / training and proper identification badges to be issued to them. No 
trainee is permitted to carry sensitive data from the installation.   Further, the 
Project Reports of these trainees should be completely vetted by the Head of the 
Department before certification and submission of the same to the respective 
College / University.   
 

79 
 
CHAPTER – 12 
Miscellaneous 
12.1 
MoD will be the nodal agency for preparation, review and implementation of the  
manual. However conducting inspection and audit would be the responsibility of 
IB/MHA.  IB/MHA may take the assistance of other organizations like MoD, DPSUs, 
OFB, NTRO etc. in the inspection or audit. 
12.2 
Publicity and Photography. No photography would be permitted inside the 
Classified Zone/Area pertaining to MoD projects without the approval of MoD. 
Photography, when permitted for official purposes, will be done under proper 
supervision and both the photos, soft copy of photograph and their negatives shall 
be appropriately classified.  In the case of Top Secret and Secret Equipment, 
permission for photography or publicity will be granted by General Manager / Chief 
Executive of the manufacturing Division / Unit or Factory, however, it will be done 
under controlled conditions by the official photographer. As far as possible only 
official agencies will be assigned for photography where authorized.  Permission will 
not be necessary for official photography by the Factory / Division for compiling 
technical reports on equipment.  Such reports and photographs will, however, be 
appropriately classified and safeguarded by them. The holder is, however, 
responsible to ensure that the equipment is not exposed to public view and that no 
one is afforded an opportunity to photograph it in full or in part. 
 
12.3 
Trials / Demonstration. The Chief Executive of the manufacturing Division / Unit or 
Factory will enforce   suitable security measures during trials / demonstration with 
the help of CCSO. When it is proposed to undertake demonstration involving Top 
Secret and Secret Equipment, full particulars of persons to be admitted to such 
demonstration will be approved by the Chief Executive.  Special identity 
documents/passes will be issued to the invitees where necessary and a security 
officer appointed to enforce security measures.  
 
12.4 
Rejects and Salvage.  All Top Secret / Secret Equipment rejected during 
development, trial or manufacture will continue to bear its original security 
classification and receive appropriate security protection.  If such equipment is no 
longer required, it will be dismantled and rendered unidentifiable.  Such equipment 
will not be consigned to salvage unless it is downgraded to unclassified or shredded 
beyond recognition. All Hard disks pertaining to classified projects will, at no cost, be 
sent out for repair / recovery of data or salvage.  Hard disks will always be removed 
before the CPU is sent to salvage.  The hard disks will be destroyed under the 
supervision of Head of Security and certified to that effect.    The disposal of non-
sensitive scraps may be done M/s. MSTC. 
 

80 
 
12.5 
Disaster Management.  The ILDC shall draw elaborate disaster management plan to 
minimize loss of life and property with an aim to handle the situation with utmost 
promptness and efficiency to safe guard the plant from major catastrophic incidents 
like Earth Quake, Bomb Blast, Floods, Terrorist Attack, etc., The ILDC shall also carry 
out frequent rehearsals, in any case, once in a year to ensure that in the event of any 
disaster, all functionaries can act effectively. 
 
12.6 
Internal Security Audit.  The ILDC shall carry out internal security audit to ensure 
verification of compliance of security instructions contained in this manual. The 
Security Audits are required to be conducted to ascertain the level of compliance of 
security instruction and procedures specified in the security manual. The audit shall 
be done at least on a yearly basis. If ILDC is Multi Facility Organisation (MFO), audit 
shall be done annually in each facility :- 
 
(a) 
Check compliance by all the establishments to realize the designed security 
objectives as enumerated in the security manual. 
 
(b) 
Verify the effective implementation of the instructions and identify lapses, if 
any. 
 
(c) 
Verify the efficacy of the existing Security & Fire Control System. 
 
(d) 
To check that adequate safeguards exist against espionage, sabotage and 
subversion in a given environment where the installation is located. 
 
(e) 
To check the general Security awareness amongst the Employees. 
 
(f) 
To ascertain serviceability and operational worthiness of technical equipment 
such as CCTV, Electronic Barriers, Power Fence, Access Central Systems and 
Fire Fighting Equipment, etc. 
 
12.7 
Action on Completion of Audit.  On completion of audit, the audit observations 
contained in the audit report must be rectified by the auditee and preventive action 
initiated after identifying the root cause of non-compliance to prevent its recurrence. 
Subsequent audit shall monitor the timely implementation of corrective / preventive 
action and its effectiveness. A report of the same shall also be submitted to MHA/IB 
with copy to MOD. 
 
12.8 
External Security Audit.  In addition to the internal audit carried by the ILDC, 
External audit by IB in consultation with DoDP/MoD shall be carried out once in two 
years.MHA may also nominate any other agency to carry out security audit of ILDC 

81 
 
on an annual basis, to ascertain compliance of security instructions contained in this 
security manual. Apart from this, the MHA/IB/MoD shall be at liberty to visit any 
company which has been issued with a DIPP license for private sector participation in 
defence, at its discretion, for a random security system assessment.  
 
12.9 
Penalty for Non-compliance of security guidelines by ILDC.  In the event of non-
adherence of security guidelines by ILDC, action shall be taken against the ILDC or 
individual person as per relevant Government regulations/provisions in various Acts, 
such as IPC, CRPC, IDR Act, OSA, 1923 etc.  The ILDCs are further liable for action 
against them in the event of any breach of security resulting into compromising 
national security and national interest under relevant provisions of Official Secrets 
Act, 1923.  In case of cancellation / suspension of industrial licence, completion of 
projects/procurement, fore-closures of the unit, the ILDC would be required to 
return all the classified information and materials in its possession to the rightful 
owner or Ministry of Defence as the case may be, within 24 hours of such 
cancellation of the licence. 
 
12.10 Alternate Power Source. 
An alternate power source is required to ensure that 
the system availability is maintained in the event of loss of primary power due to 
various reasons, including sabotage/subversion. 
 
12.11 Investigations of compromising emanations: Compromising emanations are 
unintentional intelligence-bearing signals that, if intercepted and analyzed, will 
disclose classified information when it is transmitted, received, handled, or 
otherwise processed by any information processing equipment.   
 
12.11.1 
Countermeasures will be applied only in proportion to the threat of 
exploitation and the resulting damage to national security should the 
information be intercepted and analyzed by a foreign intelligence 
organization.  It is the responsibility of the IB/MHA to share intelligence 
with DoDP and DoDP may decide further course of action including penal 
action against the company.  The remedial measures on ILDC after prior 
approval of the Competent Authority will also be addressed. 
 
12.11.2 
The IB/MHA is responsible for performing threat assessment and 
vulnerability studies when it is determined that classified information may 
be exposed during investigations / study.  Investigations on theft 
/sabotage will be carried out by CCSO /local police. 
 
12.11.3 
ILDCs will assist the IB/MHA in conducting threat and vulnerability surveys 
by providing the necessary information upon request:   
 

82 
 
12.12 Retention of Classified Documents Generated Under IR&D Efforts.  ILDCs may 
retain the classified documents that were generated in connection with their 
classified IR&D efforts for the duration of their facility is meeting the security manual 
requirements.  Documents shall be clearly identified as "IR&D DOCUMENTS." ILDCs 
shall establish procedures for review of their IR&D documents on a recurring basis to 
reduce their classified inventory to the minimum. 
12.13 Classified Waste Management.  Classified waste shall be destroyed as soon as 
practicable.  This applies to all waste material containing classified information.  
Pending destruction, classified waste shall be safeguarded as required for the level of 
classified material involved.  Receptacles utilized to accumulate classified waste shall 
be clearly identified as containing classified material.  
 
12.14 Waste Management:  This shall include the scrap generated as well as the 
components rejected during the (Quality Assurance) QA evaluation, as individual the 
components may be useless but collectively and over time they could be assembled 
into a weapon. Comprehensive guidelines should be in place and be periodically 
reviewed, depending upon the work being executed at the plant. 
12.14.1 
Waste Management from health perspective its the classification of waste 
as chemical, hazardous, toxic and recyclable collection, transport, 
processing or disposal, managing and monitoring of waste materials. The 
term usually relates to materials produced by industrial activity, and the 
process is generally undertaken to reduce their effect on health, the 
environment or aesthetics. Waste management is a distinct practice from 
resource recovery which focuses on delaying the rate of consumption of 
natural resources. All wastes materials, whether they are solid, liquid, 
gaseous or radioactive fall within the ambit of waste management. 
 
12.15 In case of violation of guidelines contained in this manual, industrial licence may be 
cancelled by the licensing authority i.e. DIPP only after consultation with DDP. 
12.16  Compliance statement: 
 
Compliance  
Statement 
The company will give an undertaking that it complies with its 
own instructions/orders as well as all the above provisions as 
applicable 
Internal 
 Security  
Audit 
The company will commit to an internal audit and give self 
certification with regards to compliance with the mentioned 
provisions by 31st March every year to the DDP 

83 
 
 
 
 
SECURITY MANUAL 
FOR 
 
CATEGORY-B 
 
INDIAN LICENSED DEFENCE 
INDUSTRIES 
 
 
 
 

84 
 
CHAPTER – I 
General Provisions, Requirements and Responsibility 
 
1.1 
Scope.      
 
1.1.1 The Manual is applicable to all Indian companies engaged in the production 
of defence product and issued Industrial License by the Dept of Industrial 
Policy & Promotion. All ‘B’ category installations would be covered under 
Official Secrets Act, 1923, as far as handling of classified material, information 
or documents are concerned. 
 
1.1.2 This Manual applies to, and shall be used, by all ILDCs to safeguard 
Government classified information and materials released to an ILDC, 
including, but not limited to, such information released during all phases of 
the contracting, licensing and grant process,  bidding, negotiation, award, 
performance, and termination, or any product, assembly or component 
arising out of such classified information. 
 
1.1.3 When an ILDC is executing a Govt Project dealing with classified information, 
material, document, it will be the responsibility of CEO, who in consultation 
with CCSO, will earmark the areas as classified/sensitive, depending upon the 
nature of work being carried out in such areas/zone. 
 
1.2 
Authority:  
 
1.2.1 The implementation of the manual is the overall responsibility of the CEO / 
Head of ILDCs. 
 
1.2.2 The IB is the designated agency for inspecting and monitoring ILDCs who 
require or will require access to, or will store classified information and 
materials covered by this Manual.  
 
1.3 
Responsibility of the Management and Employees.  
 
1.3.1 It is the direct responsibility of every employee of the company to safeguard 
the security of all classified information and materials to which he has access 
in course of his duties or which he comes in possession of in any other way.  
 
1.3.2 It is the duty of each employee of the company to immediately bring to the 
notice of his superior officer or the Company Chief Security Officer (CCSO), 
any breach of security regulations in general and/or in particular, any 

85 
 
compromise of classified information or materials, either deliberately or 
inadvertently. 
 
1.3.3 Every employee in the supervisory level is required to ensure, by frequent 
surprise checks, visits to office rooms and other places where his 
subordinates work or which they frequent and by all other means in his 
power, that the instructions laid down for the conduct of business and 
maintenance of security in company are fully understood and complied with 
by all of them. It will also be his duty to bring immediately to the notice of his 
superior officer, or to the officers responsible for security in his department, 
any instance of breach of security regulations by any member of the staff 
working under him or in that department, or of any misconduct, of such a 
nature as would give rise to doubts about  the staff member’s integrity/ 
reliability from the security point of view. 
 
1.3.4 Whenever a new employee joins the company and/or the department, the 
superior officer of the employee will ensure that the new incumbent has read 
and understood the contents of the manual and shall take an undertaking in 
writing to this effect.  
 
Chapter -2 
SECURITY ORGANISATION & PERSONNEL SECURITY 
2.1 
Security Head  
 
2.1.1 Each ILDC or its multi location units shall appoint an Indian Citizen as 
Security Head with adequate knowledge on security. 
2.1.2 The Security Head will be responsible for Security of the Unit and also 
 
responsible for training of security personnel.   He shall frame internal 
 
security policies, internal audit, and security procedures in consultation with 
 
the Managing Directors / CEO of the  Company. 
2.2 
Responsibilities & Duties of Security Head 
i) 
Implementation and enforcement of comprehensive access control system. 
ii) 
Look after internal administration of staff working under him. 
iii) 
Maintain proper discipline amongst the staff. 
iv) 
Carrying out patrolling in Shop Floors, Perimeter Wall and all guard posts on 
duty. 

86 
 
v) 
Maintaining Daily Occurrence Diary (Log Book) and incorporating any 
happening during the duty period. 
vi) 
Intelligence Gathering and proper dissemination of the same to the concerned 
officials. 
vii) Liaison with law enforcing agencies. 
viii) To look after physical security, personnel security and document security 
aspects  of the organization. 
2.3 
Action to be taken when breach of security occurs: 
a) 
Carryout a swift and detailed investigation. 
b) 
If culprit traced, hand him over to the police. 
c) 
If culprit not traced, file a FIR with local police. 
d) 
Investigate the root-cause and prevent recurrence and also suggest remedial 
measures.  
2.4 
Classified information including documents and material is to be kept under lock  and 
key. 
Classified materials should not be permitted to go out without material gate pass 
from  the concerned authority. Any loss of material or documents is to be reported 
to security head who, in turn, will report the matter to civil police. 
2.5 
Reporting procedure: 
ILDC shall report to the jurisdictional police station on matters pertaining to theft 
sabotage.  The ILDC shall also report to nearest IB  office  immediately in the event of  
cases pertaining to espionage, subversion, terrorism etc., 
2.6 
Personnel Security 
2.6.1 
Every ILDC shall ensure that no information is leaked by any personnel for 
personal gain, political affiliation or hacking of website. 
2.6.2   
Verification of Character and Antecedents 
 
Verification of Character & Antecedents of all employees whether working 
in sensitive or non-sensitive areas should also be conducted through 
jurisdiction police.   
 

87 
 
Chapter-3 
SECURITY OF PREMISES AND PHYSICAL SECURITY MEASURES 
3.1 
Layouts of premises, perimeter wall, and minimum entry/exit points are essential 
requirements for security. 
3.2 
Security control room, reception and office of security officer shall be situated near 
main gate of the factory.   
3.3 
Sensitive Data Rooms / Server Rooms should have proper access control system and 
entry to this area is to be restricted and In-Out log will be maintained. 
3.4 
A separate gate for material movement is to be made operational. 
3.5 
All employees are to be issued with ID cards. 
3.6 
Perimetric, Access Control and Security Personnel 
3.6.1   The private sector defence company shall comply with Perimetric, access 
control system and security requirements as details given below: 
Category 
Head 
 
Perimetric,& 
Access 
Control 
Physical  
Security  
on perimeter 
8 Ft wall with barbed wire fence / concertina coil. 
Spot lights with Day & Night CCTV Cameras. 
 
Access 
Control 
Entry / Exit gates (checking of ID Cards / frisking etc). 
Visitors Management system. 
Material  
Records for incoming / outgoing materials. 
Security  
Personnel 
Security  
Personnel 
- 
Security Officer reporting to CEO /MD. 
- 
Trained Armed Security Personnel may be 
posted. A comprehensive training module 
may be evolved. 
- 
Strength of security staff will be correlated 
with size/ sensitivity of the installation. 
- 
Fire Fighting System to be in place. 
- 
Training on security measures. 
3.6.2 
Labour Pass. Labour pass with photo would be issued by the office of CCSO 
for Casual Labour who are working for a specific period/term.  These passes 
should be issued after verification of Character & Antecedents through 
police.   

88 
 
 
 
3.6.3 
Token labourer Tokens should be issued on daily basis for labourer 
employed for constructions / other duties. The contractor employing such 
labourers should be accountable & responsible for such casual labourers for 
the duration of working inside the plant.  To this effect, an undertaking may 
be obtained from the contractor. 
 
3.6.3 Vehicle Stickers - All employees who possess vehicles i.e. two wheelers /four 
wheelers are to be provided with vehicle stickers for gaining access and 
parking inside the factory.   A physical check of all incoming & outgoing 
vehicles will be carried out by the Security Department of the organization. 
3.6.4 Visitors–Visitors would given passes for entry.  All entry passes would be 
issued only on the requisition / recommendation of the branch/group head in 
the ILDC.  Visitors’ laptop/pen drive to be permitted only on the approval of 
CEO/CMD.  The visitor who is allowed to carry laptop / pen drive would be 
accompanied by an employee of the ILDC all along during his stay in the 
company.   
3.6.5 Keys of the Organisation - All keys of the facilities to be deposited at the 
security. System of Keys Pickup / Dropping during commencement and 
closure should be put in place.    
3.6.6 Duplicate keys of running keys are to be made available at the security, which 
shall be kept under safe custody of security officer concerned.  
 
3.6.7  Photography of any area where any work related to projects / manufacturing 
of MoD is being carried out will not be permitted without the approval of 
MoD 
CHAPTER – 4 
Material Security 
4.1 
Incoming and outgoing Material 
No railway car, truck or other vehicle conveying crates, boxes, machinery, repair 
parts, fuel or other material should be admitted to the plant without first being 
examined and thoroughly searched by a guard for concealed explosives, contraband 
items, incendiary devices or other hazardous items. No material should be allowed 
to go out of the factory area without a proper pass from an authority authorized for 
the purpose.  Such authority should be restricted to a few officers only and their 
specimen signatures should be available at the gate for easy and quick identification.  
 

89 
 
4.2 
Inward Material Register 
Entry will be made in the register in respect of all materials that come into the plant, 
either brought by the contractors as sample, or brought by the stores officers as 
supplies/samples, for which inward materials gate pass has been issued by the 
security gate officers.  Samples and such other materials taken back should be 
crossed out after the party has returned the inward materials gate pass. 
4.3 
Material Gate Pass Register 
This register shows materials that went out of the factory under an authorized gate 
pass.  The time and nature of materials sent out shall the gate staff showing that the 
item is brought back.  The time of return however should be noted.  A specimen 
signature book showing the signature of the officer authorized to sign passes should 
also be maintained.  
4.4 
Material Gate Pass 
A model material gate pass procedure is given below.  The ILDC should, as far as 
possible, evolve a proper gate pass procedure to suit the conditions prevailing in the 
respective divisions and get it issued under the signature of the competent authority 
for compliance:-  
4.4.1 
Description of material gate pass 
There will be two types of material gate passes, viz., 
(a) Non-returnable material gate pass; and  
(b)  Returnable gate passes. 
4.4.2     A non- returnable gate pass should be issued for the materials, which are 
taken out of the factory on permanent basis or for materials issued to sub-
contractors etc. 
4.4.3 
A returnable gate pass will be issued for materials, which are sent out of the 
factory on returnable basis.  Returnable gate pass will be issued only to such 
materials, which will come back in the same form without undergoing any 
change.  For finished goods and items against customer order, gate pass will 
be issued only by the stores.  
4.5 
Authority 
 
The CEO/Head of the Organisation will authorise a limited number of Officers who 
will be authorised to sign the material gate passes.   The specimen signatures of 

90 
 
authorised officers who will be signing the material gate pass will be made available 
at the security gates. 
Chapter -5 
DOCUMENT AND EQUIPMENT SECURITY 
5.1 
Classification of document 
5.1.1 The documents shall be classified as follows: 
 
 a) 
Top Secret 
 
b) 
Secret 
c) 
Confidential 
d) 
Restricted. 
5.1.2 Top Secret - Shall be applied for information including documents and 
material, the unauthorized disclosure of which could cause exceptional grave 
damage to the National Security. 
5.1.3 Secret – Applied to the information including documents and material, the 
unauthorized disclosure of which could cause serious damage to National 
Security or National Interest or cause serious embarrassment to the Govt in 
its functioning. 
5.1.4 Confidential – Unauthorized disclosure of which could be expected to cause 
damage to National security or could be prejudicial to national interests or 
would  embarrass the Govt. in functioning. 
5.1.5 Restricted - shall be applied to information, materials, which are essentially 
meant for official use only and which should not be published or 
communicated to anyone except for official purpose. 
5.2 
Guidelines for Classification -Classification should not be under/ over  
classified.  
Classification should be done by the Originator.      
5.3 
Care & Custody of documents & materials – It is the   responsibility of holder  
to 
take care of the documents.  Documents may be passed to another individual  
to 
deal and the transfer has to be recorded and receipt obtained.  Disclosure is limited 
to only those directly concerned.   
5.4 
Note books, Laptops, electronic recording media etc– to be treated as  classified 
documents, if they are used to record classified material. 

91 
 
5.5 
Opening & diarizing - Top secret documents inner   cover to be opened only by  the 
addressee.  Secret & confidential documents may be opened by addressee or person 
so authorized by him.   Diarizing to be carried out by the addressee or  
by 
his 
personal staff. 
5.6 
Transmission of classified  documents to be sent in two envelopes, outer envelope 
will bear only the address, inner envelope will bear security  
classification and 
also be marked “ to be opened personally by  or officer  
officiating”.  
5.7 
Downgrading / disposal/ destruction of documents - No documents should be 
downgraded without authorization.    Periodic destruction of documents to be 
carried out to prevent accumulation and problem of accounting. Destruction to  be 
done by board of officers approved by the department head.  Downgrading and 
declassifying to be done based on loss of sensitivity of information due to passage of 
time.    Destruction to be carried out by shredding / burning. 
Chapter-6 
COMMUNICATION SECURITY 
6.1 
Cell or Mobile Phone - The use of cell phones shall be banned in areas wherein 
classified work is in progress / documents are being worked upon.  However, in case 
of operational requirement, permission to use and carry the mobile in this area may 
be granted by the Managing Director / CMD and a record will be maintained for such 
approvals. Mobile phone with camera and other technical advance features 
including internet, GSM, etc ., should not be allowed. 
6.2 
Telephones 
- Care has to be taken to prevent inadvertent leakage of classified 
information by discussing classified matters over the phone. 
6.2.1 Cordless phones will not be used.   
6.2.2 All telephones should have facility to identify the telephone number of caller 
i.e. Caller ID should be provided to the facility. 
6.3 
FAX communication – Communication to be carried out  after identifying the party 
before transmitting a message.  Classified documents should not be transmitted 
through FAX.  A log book / record to be maintained  while using FAX machine. 
 
 
 
 

92 
 
Chapter-7 
Computer Security 
 
7.1 
General 
 
7.1.1 Information systems (IS) that are used to capture, create, store, process or 
distribute classified information must be properly managed to protect against 
unauthorized disclosure of classified information, loss of data and integrity to 
ensure the availability of the data and system. 
7.1.2 The organization must, at all times, be in strict compliance with the IT Act 
2000, as amended in 2008 and as amended from time to time. 
7.1.3  Protection requires a balanced approach in IS security features to include but 
not 
limited 
to, 
administrative, 
operational, 
physical, 
computer, 
communications and personal controls. Protective measures commensurate 
with the classification of information, the threat and the operational 
requirement associated with environment of IS. 
7.1.4 ILDC management should appoint / nominate Cyber Information Security 
Officer clearly defined with roles and responsibilities to carry out activities 
like development, implementation and evaluation of the facility IS program 
and to publish and promulgate IS security policy and procedures to address 
classified processing environment. The CISO function may be accomplished 
by one senior officer  with adequate computer knowledge in addition to his / 
her job. 
7.1.5  Threats to Computers security could emanate from internal sources such as 
subverted/disgruntled employees, as well from external sources such as the 
vendors of the Hardware/ Software’s, outsider maintenance staff or from 
intruders/hackers in the Cyber Space and hostile foreign countries /inimical 
agencies. Threats can manifest as Structured (automated methods of 
information gathering and attack - organised, determined and goal centric) or 
unstructured (network loitering, manual information gathering or attack and 
misuse by accident). Some of the Computer vulnerabilities that exist are as 
follows:- 
 
(a) 
Physical theft of Hard disks, Computer Storage Media, Keyboards with 
memory facility, used Printer Cartridges, Laptops etc. 
 
(b) 
Stealing /compromising data /information by remote access. 
 

93 
 
(c) 
Accidental/Intentional cross connection between the Organization 
Local Area Network and Internet. 
 
(d) 
Spoofing by intruders. 
 
(e) 
Defacing of various Websites by anonymous Hackers. 
 
7.2 
An Indian Citizen to be appointed/nominated as Cyber Information Security Officer 
(CISO). The CISO function may be accomplished by one senior officer having 
adequate knowledge on IT systems of the organization in addition to his/her job. The 
responsibilities to be assigned to the CISO may include the following: 
 
a) Ensure the implementation of security measures, in accordance with facility 
procedures. 
b) Ensure that the sensitivity level of the information is determined prior to use 
on the IS and that the proper security measures are implemented to protect 
this information. 
c) Ensure that unauthorized personnel are not granted use of, or access to, an 
IS. 
d) To govern marking, handling, controlling, removing, transporting, sanitizing, 
reusing, and destroying media and equipment containing classified 
information. 
e) For the reporting of IS security incidents and initiating,  protective or 
corrective measures when a security incident or vulnerability is discovered. 
f) For implementing and maintaining security-related software for the detection 
of malicious code, viruses, and intruders (hackers) as appropriate. 
g) Conduct ongoing security reviews and tests of the IS to periodically verify that 
security features and operating controls are functional and effective. 
h) Ensure that all active user Ids are revalidated at least annually. 
 
7.3. 
Some common Requirements are: 
 
(a)  General User and Privileged users, their roles, responsibility and 
accountability should be clearly defined 
 
(b)  Require that each IS privilege / general user sign an acknowledgement 
of responsibility to adhere to Information security guidelines. 
 
c)  
Profiling of Information assets based on sensitivity of information by the 
Level of Concern for Confidentiality (C), System Availability (A) and Data 
integrity (I).The level of concern reflects the sensitivity of the 

94 
 
information and the consequences of the loss of (CAI) confidentiality, 
integrity or availability. Based on these matrices, need for protection 
levels and profiles in the form of security, audit, redundancy in the 
infrastructure, backup etc., shall be determined. 
 
(d)  Procedures should be defined about unique identification of user, user 
id removal on termination, transfer; change in roles etc., re use of user 
id and user id revalidation for the use of any centralised IS resource. 
 
(e)  To maintain the CIA , control and audit logging mechanism along with 
monitoring system should be in place for changes to data including 
deterring, detecting and reporting of successful and unsuccessful 
attempts to change etc., 
 
(f) 
Control 
and 
audit 
logs 
should 
be 
available 
in 
centralised 
systems/applications for Successive Logon Attempts, Multiple Logon 
Control, Session termination and User Inactivity etc., 
 
(g)  
Security should be ensured for inter connectivity of multiple LANs, 
when organisation has multiple Units/Offices across the geographical 
location, where interconnectivity may be WAN (Wide Area Network) 
using public networks. 
 
(h)  When Public networks are used, proven, secured WAN technologies 
should be used along with appropriate security at the gateway with 
suitable encryption during transmission. 
 
(i)    Proper system should be in place to track, inventories, to carry out OS 
patches, IOS/Firmware updates and Configuration Management of 
information Systems.  
 
(j)  
All Internet facing Web sites /Applications, necessary protections at 
Network Layer and Application, like security during transmission, 
Application Security and Database security should be in place by using 
appropriate security components / measures.  
 
(k) 
The Number of Internet Connections shall be controlled by CEO/ Head 
of Company as per the company policy. 
 
(l) 
Centralised Anti Virus management solution should be in place for 
effective implementation of Anti Virus solution. 

95 
 
 
(o) 
System should be in place for internal incident management as well as 
for implementation of time to time necessary guidelines / measures 
from Computer Emergency Response Team – India (CERT-India)/ 
National Critical Information Infrastructure Protection Centre (NCIIPC); 
and should be able to detect any violations to existing policies and 
ensure updating IT infrastructure. 
 
(p) It is emphasized that the above are indicative and not exhaustive. It is for 
each organization and its management to ensure that due diligence is 
undertaken in protecting the organizational cyber assets, as well as any 
sensitive applications / information that may be handled by sub 
contractors. 
 
7.4 
Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP):  should be implemented as system  integrates 
internal and external management information across the entire organization, 
tracking of all processes, materials and personnel in the plant. ERP systems automate 
this activity with an integrated software application. The purpose of ERP is to 
facilitate the flow of information between all business functions inside the 
boundaries of the organization and manage the connections to outside stakeholders. 
There should be exhaustive guidelines, operating procedures issued for all aspects of 
plant functioning. Ownership of all processes and inventory held should be clearly 
defined with standby ownership. 
 
7.5 
Security for Personal Computers, Laptops, Desktops, etc 
 
Inventory of all the computer assets with their serial no, brief specs, make & model 
to be maintained in a register. All the computers containing sensitive / restricted / 
confidential information received from Licensors be marked through a red sticker on 
the screen.  
 
7.6 
Following protective measures to be undertaken. 
 
a) 
Use Genuine Operating System & other Software's as unauthorized 
software's may contain spywares /viruses. 
b) 
Update patches regularly. 
c) 
PC / Laptop should be loaded with commercial grade Antivirus which is to be 
updated at least on daily basis. 
d) 
The built-in Firewall at the OS level must be ON at all times. 

96 
 
e) 
There should be minimum two level passwords one at boot level & other at 
the screen lock level. 
f) 
Do not use Administrator account for daily usage of saving /accessing the 
data. 
g) 
Before destroying the computer, the Hard disk must be removed and 
physically damaged to ensure that the data do not go in wrong hands. 
 
7.7 
Network Security 
 
i) The network connected with Internet should have the provision for Firewall & IPS 
/ UTM Devices. 
ii) All the Network devices should be protected with strong passwords by the 
Administrators. 
 
 
7.8 
Application Protection 
 
b) The Licensee Companies should use either their own e-mail server or a mail 
server hosted in India or a mail ID provided by the Licensor Company to prevent 
leakage of data from commercially available Foreign based mail servers. 
c) Companies using ERP, CAD/CAM Software's etc may restrict the access of 
Internet to the systems marked for these activities or where ever sensitive 
information is stored. 
 
7.9 
Data Leakage Prevention 
 
a) Usage of pen drives / removable media to be regulated through access control 
on USB ports and having a record of all such removable media and the persons 
responsible for it. 
 
b) In case the company is required to handle any information which is classified like 
Top Secret, Secret and Confidential, then the Information system security 
mentioned in this manual will not be sufficient and the same is to be handled 
through additional security measures / manually (Paper transaction of the 
Drawing Documents). 
 
c) The information shared to the vendors by the Licensor be provided on need to 
know basis i.e. the information not required to be  masked by the Licensor, e.g., 
the drawing template details except part no. and part name may be hidden. 
 
 

97 
 
 
7.10 
Guidelines for Computer Users or Operators 
 
(a) 
DOs. 
 
(i)  
Observe effective physical security procedures to restrict access to 
computer systems. Access to be given only to authorized persons. 
 
(ii)  
Use hardware locks in the cabinets in which the computer system is 
housed. 
 
(iii)  
The contents of cartridge tapes, CDs or Pen Drives are as good as 
written files. All physical and static protective measures and 
instructions laid down in this manual for document security will also 
apply to the use, control and custody of data CDs or Pen Drives. 
External storage media containing classified data will be marked and 
treated like other classified documents. 
 
(iv)  
All classified documents should be stored in an encrypted form in PCs 
as well as external storage devices. 
 
(v)  
Adopt effective physical access control procedures by incorporating 
proper identification and authentication mechanism like "Complex 
password' at different levels and 'Dynamic Log in' by verifying the 
user's magnetic strips cards, finger prints and voice recognition, 
depending upon the nature of sensitivity of the data. User password is 
the most important aspect whose Confidentiality must be zealously 
guarded. Further, a password should have the characteristics laid 
down in this chapter. 
 
(vi)  
Audit trails are activated for keeping electronic record on the system 
regarding use of computer system by various users. Activities of a user 
be logged and appropriate audit trails be maintained on the system in 
electronic form.  
 
(vii)  
Before deleting the sensitive files, overwrite the files with some junk 
data to prevent restoration of the sensitive data by any means. Keep 
the backup of operating system software and application software 
under safe custody. One backup copy should be kept in different 
location as a precaution against fire hazards. 
 

98 
 
(viii)  
Backup data should be periodically updated. Keep the software 
maintenance tool in your own custody. The periodic checking of 
backup inventory and testing of the ability to restore information 
validates that the overall backup process is working. This may be 
given to the engineer called to attend to the faults in the system as 
and when required. 
 
(ix)  
External CD writers will be under the custody of officer only. CD writer 
will be used only in minimum and unavoidable files and data. 
 
(x)  
Ensure safe custody of the Computer Storage Media such as cartridge 
tapes, Pen Drives, CDs etc. 
 
 
(xi)  
Every new incoming storage media or software should be tested for 
Virus. 
 
(xii)  
Always use original software purchased from the authorised vendors. 
 
(xiii)  
Copying of data, deletion, modification, etc. from the disk should be 
done under proper authorisation and supervision of the office-in-
charge. 
 
(xiv)  
Use Screen saver password. 
 
(xv)  
Use exclusive computer for internet. 
 
(xvi) 
Software tools like device locks may be used to block unwanted 
 
storage devices, Ports and other external accessories. 
 
(xvii)  The movement or exchange of storage medias should be with the 
prior approval of the officer-in-charge of the office. 
 
(xviii)  In case the shift system is in vogue, there should be proper handing / 
taking over among the shift-in-charge. 
 
(xix) 
Damaged and unusable  cartridges, tapes and CD(RW) and pen drives 
should be broken and destroyed and record to this effect should be 
maintained. 
 
(xx)  
All the used printer ribbons and carbons should be destroyed by 
burning. 

99 
 
 
(xxi)  
Maintenance or rectification of faults in the computer system should 
be carried out under proper supervision. Keep an eye on the outside 
engineer attending to the fault in your computer system. 
 
(xxii)  Use UPS units to prevent corruption of data and software. 
 
(xxiii)  Where feasible all digital storage devices when permitted to be taken 
out will be password protected and prior permission of security office 
is obtained. 
 
(xxiv)  Some PCs like HCL computers have in-built physical locking system. 
The user should keep the computer locked when it is not in use and 
ensure safe custody of the operating and duplicate keys. 
 
(xxv)  Culture of one printer or more per PC should be curbed. Ensure
 
centralized printing within section. 
 
(xxvi)  Network printers must be located in a secure place so that the 
documents being printed cannot be taken away by unauthorized 
personnel. 
 
 
(xxviii)  Internet PC, as well as patches released by OEM should be periodically 
updated. Live updates for Anti-virus/Anti-spyware and portable 
storage media used on internet machine to be scanned for spyware, 
Trojan and another suspicious malware before being used on LAN. 
 
(b) 
DON'Ts. 
 
(i)  
Don't let any unauthorized persons use your computer system.  
 
(ii)  
Don't share your password with anyone, not even your colleagues. 
 
(iii)  
Don't reveal the root password to any unauthorized person, 
particularly an outsider. 
 
(iv) 
Don't connect the computer directly to the mains. Also, no heavy 
electric load drawing machines like plain paper copier, shredding 
machines, coolers etc. should be connected to the source of constant 
voltage supply to the computer. 

100 
 
 
(v) 
Do not connect your computer system storing classified data to 
internet. 
 
(vi)  
Don't allow staff members to bring their own storage medias or 
software to run on the computer system of the department. 
 
(vii)  
Don't use pirated or gifted copies of software as these may contain 
viruses and even facilitate intrusions into the system. 
 
(viii)  
Don't play computer games. These could be the main carriers of 
computer viruses and an unsuspecting or easy media for an intruder 
to break into your computer system. 
 
(ix)  
Don't panic if your system comes to a halt. Try to find out the cause 
and take precautions for future. 
 
(x)  
Don't store TOP SECRET or SECRET information permanently in the 
hard disk of PC. Whenever TOP SECRET or SECRET information is 
processed on the PC, erase the information immediately from the disk 
after the processing is over. When CDs  are used for working on TOP 
SECRET or SECRET information it should be handled in accordance 
with the instructions for handling TOP SECRET or SECRET documents. 
It will be the responsibility of the authorized officer under whose 
supervision the PC work is being carried out.  
 
(xi)  
Don't carry CDs outside the office building. In case a data stored 
media has to be taken outside the office building, its movement will 
be with the prior approval. A record of the movement indicating full 
details like date or time of its being taken out, name of the officer 
taking it out and purpose, date and its time of its return etc will be 
maintained. 
 
(xii)  
Don't keep  CDs in table drawers etc. 
 
(xiii)  
Don't become a member of unofficial chat club or official chat club on 
official Internet. 
 
(xiv)  
Don't Carry Pornographic CDs or VCDs or such like material in other 
storage devices. 
 

101 
 
(xv) 
Do not use pen drives, internal CD writer or combo drives unless 
specially authorized. 
 
(xvi)  
Do not use/install freely available screen saver on internet as these 
may have encoded spyware/Trojan. 
 
7.11 
Instructions for Use of Internet within Classified Area/Zone. Internet services are 
based on open architecture with minimal security features. They are also open to 
malicious attacks, hacking, virus activities and cyber-crimes. Unauthorized and 
unregulated use of internet can lead to compromise in security. Internet within the 
office/area/zone handling classified information can be installed in the office of an 
officer with prior approval from the CISO.  Internet connectivity should be provided 
to the offices only on a stand-alone PC. The Internet PC should not be used for office 
work. The Internet PC will have its own peripherals such as UPS, scanner, etc which 
will not be shared with any other system under any circumstances. PC will be kept 
isolated from all other systems, especially LAN/Intranet. Connection of any other 
system with Internet line for any purpose whatsoever is strictly prohibited. No 
official or personal files will be stored on the hard disk of Internet PC. Personal media 
will never be used on Internet PC. No sensitive/ classified office work will be done in 
Internet computers.  
 
7.11.1 Keeping in view the vulnerabilities involved in using internet in any sensitive / 
defence installation, apart from cyber security guidelines mentioned in the 
chapter, the following may be incorporated for security of the IT network  ( 
both internal & external) :- 
 
i) 
Instead of multiple internet connections, there should be limited 
internet gateways for accessing the internet from within the 
organisation. These limited internet connections must be closely 
monitored by the Information Security Operations Centre of the 
organization.  
 
ii) 
All traffic through the organisational internet gateways must be 
screened to ensure that organizational data remains secure. 
Concerned personnel must be sensitized to the fact that their internet 
connections are provided to aid them in discharge of their duties and 
not for personal usage. 
 
iii) 
Communication through open e-mail for disseminating information 
related to the equipment being used or quantity to be manufactured 
or its component details at any stage (from development, testing to 

102 
 
deployment) to its joint partners (contractors /sub-contractors) 
should be avoided. 
 
 
iv) 
If the joint venture involves collaboration of foreign firm(s) then, 
connectivity of their computers with contractor system needs to be 
examined from security angle. 
 
v) 
All employees should be barred from using private email addresses 
(like gmail, hotmail, yahoo, rediffmail, etc) for any form of official 
communication and emails from suppliers/contractors through 
private emails addressees should be barred, as far as possible. 
 
vi) 
Social media usage policy should be defined and enforced on all 
employees. Unless specifically required for discharge of their duties, 
employees must be prohibited from accessing social media sites from 
their official systems. Employees should be discouraged from 
publishing information related to their work. 
 
vii) 
Server room/network room should have biometric access control 
systems with CCTV coverage in place. 
 
 
Chapter-8 
SUB CONTRACTING 
 
8.1 
ILDC may release or disclose classified information to subcontractor on prior 
approval subject to following conditions which shall also to included in the contract 
between sub-contractor ILDC and also verified by ILDC 
a) 
Terms & Conditions relating to retention, handling and destruction of  
classified documents / materials received or generated under the  sub  
contract shall be clearly indicated in the main contract between sub 
contractor and prime ILDC. 
b) 
The subcontractor should enter into non-disclosure agreement with the ILDC. 
c) 
Personnel working on sensitive area from the subcontractor’s end should be 
checked for character & antecedents and due police verification should be 
obtained. 

103 
 
8.2 
Termination / banning of contract– Sub contract may be terminated if found 
resorting to unethical practices causing loyalty and security concerns.   Action shall 
be taken to recover all classified materials in its possession and banned the 
subcontractor for future participation and stopping of present business.  The details 
of such banned contractors would be intimated to the IB and other ILDCs. 
 
8.3 
Penalty for Non-compliance of security guidelines by ILDC.  In the event of non-
adherence to security guidelines by ILDC, action shall  be taken against the ILDC or 
individual person as per relevant Government regulations/provisions in various Acts, 
such as IPC, CRPC, IDR Act, OSA, 1923 etc.  The ILDCs are further liable for action 
against them in the event of any breach of security resulting into compromising the 
national security and national interest under relevant  provisions of Official Secrets 
Act, 1923.  In case of cancellation / suspension of industrial licence, completion of 
projects/procurement, fore-closures of the unit, the ILDC would be required to 
return all the classified information and materials in its possession to the rightful 
owner or Ministry of Defence, as the case may be, within 24 hours of such 
cancellation of the licence. 
 
8.4 
Imports of Equipment/ Materials 
 
(a) 
Where Sensitive Equipment/ Materials is bought or otherwise acquired by 
the ILDC, it should be ensured the equipment is securely packed and sealed 
and transported.  The packages will not have any markings to indicate that 
the Equipment is Top secret / Secret. 
 
(b) 
Top Secret and Secret Equipment/ Materials will not be shipped in Vessels / 
Flights, which unload cargo in other countries or call at ports of unfriendly 
countries en-route. 
 
(c) 
Bills of lading or other documents will not indicate the classification of the 
Equipment.  Separate bills of lading may be made out for small consignments, 
which are delivered to the Master of the Ship for personal custody during 
transit.  These documents will indicate the equipment in general terms e.g., 
Instrument, PCB and so on, but will not give precise details. 
 
(d) 
Where possible, intimation will be sent to the consignee through official 
channels of the company.  If time does not permit, intimation may be given 
through a coded / encrypted signal etc., describing the equipment in general 
terms and indicting the security measures to be adopted. Such consignments 

104 
 
should be immediately removed from the Cargo area to the respective 
manufacturing Division / Unit or Factory.   
 
(e) 
Consignments of classified equipment awaiting shipping will be suitably 
shrouded.  If the size of the equipment does not permit this, it should be 
stored in such a way as to be out of sight of observers.  These consignments 
will be adequately guarded to prevent pilferage or inspection by outsiders. 
 
(f) 
The Embarkation Firm / Agency abroad will inform, the respective 
manufacturing Division / Unit or Factory, of the dispatch of classified 
equipment.   On receipt of such intimation and based on expected date of 
arrival of equipment, the desired level of security measures are to be 
adopted. 
 
Chapter-9 
VISITS & MEETINGS 
9.1 
Visit of Foreign Nationals-  No foreigners would be allowed to visit the 
area/zone/manufacturing facility where the work related to MoD projects is going on 
without clearance of MoD. 
9.2  
The  CEO / Head of the concerned ILDCs shall have the power to approve business visits of 
foreign nationals to non-security/non-strategic  areas only, of the manufacturing /R&D units 
of the Company and such visit shall be reported to IB after the visit within fifteen days.  This 
will also be reported to IB/MoD in quarterly report. 
9.3 
After the visit, the names and particulars of the foreign nationals, the purpose, 
duration and site of the visit are to be communicated to the Intelligence Bureau, 
Ministry of Home Affairs. 
9.4 
No  photography in the areas where work related to defence related projects will be 
permitted.  It may also be ensured that viewing of contagious security areas does not 
occur. 
 
 
 
 
 

105 
 
 
 
 
SECURITY MANUAL 
FOR 
 
CATEGORY-C 
 
INDIAN LICENSED DEFENCE 
INDUSTRIES 
 

106 
 
CHAPTER – I 
General Provisions, Requirements and Responsibility 
1.1 
Scope.      
 
1.1.1 The Manual is applicable to all Indian companies engaged in the production 
of defence products and issued Industrial License by the Dept of Industrial 
Policy & Promotion. All the ‘C’ category installations would be covered under 
Official Secrets Act, 1923, as far as handling of classified material, information 
or documents are concerned.  
 
1.1.2 This Manual applies to and shall be used by all ILDCs to safeguard 
Government classified information and materials released to an ILDC, 
including, but not limited to, such information released during all phases of 
the contracting, licensing and grant process,  bidding, negotiation, award, 
performance, and termination, or any product, assembly or component 
arising out of such classified information. 
 
1.1.3 When an ILDC is executing a Govt Project, dealing with classified information, 
material, document, it will be the responsibility of CEO, who, in consultation 
with CCSO, will earmark the areas as classified/sensitive, depending upon the 
nature of work being carried out in such areas/zone. 
 
 
1.2 
Authority:  
 
1.2.1 The implementation of the manual is overall responsibility of the CEO / Head 
of ILDCs. 
 
1.2.2 The IB is the designated agency for inspecting and monitoring ILDCs who 
require or will require access to, or will store classified information and 
materials covered by this Manual.  
 
1.3 
Responsibility of the Management and Employees.  
 
1.3.1 It is the direct responsibility of every employee of the company to safeguard 
the security of all classified information and materials to which he has access 
in course of his duties or which he comes in possession of in any other way.  
 
1.3.2 It is the duty of each employee of the company to immediately bring to the 
notice of his superior officer or the Company Chief Security Officer (CCSO), 
any breach of security regulations in general and/or in particular, any 
compromise of classified information or materials, either deliberately or 
inadvertently. 

107 
 
 
1.3.3 Every employee in the supervisory level is required to ensure, by frequent 
surprise checks, visits to office rooms and other places where his 
subordinates work or which they frequent and by all other means in his 
power, that the instructions laid down for the conduct of business and 
maintenance of security in company are fully understood and complied with 
by all of them. It will also be his duty to bring immediately to the notice of his 
superior officer, or to the officers responsible for security in his department, 
any instance of breach of security regulations by any member of the staff 
working under him or in that department, or of any misconduct, of such a 
nature as would give rise to doubts about  the staff member’s integrity/ 
reliability from the security point of view. 
 
1.3.4 Whenever a new employee joins the company and or the department, the 
superior officer of the employee will ensure that the new incumbent has read 
and understood the contents of the manual and shall take an undertaking in 
writing to this effect.  
 
Chapter -2 
SECURITY ORGANISATION & PERSONNEL SECURITY 
2.1 
Security Head  
2.1.1 
Each ILDC or its multi location units shall appoint an Indian Citizen as 
Security Head  with  adequate knowledge on security. 
2.1.2 The Security Head will be responsible for Security of the Unit and also  
 
responsible for training of security personnel.    
2.2 
Responsibilities & Duties of Security Head 
- 
Look after internal administration of staff working under him. 
- 
Maintain proper discipline amongst the staff. 
- 
Carrying out patrolling in Shop Floors, Perimeter Wall and all guard posts on 
duty. 
- 
Liaison with law enforcing agencies. 
2.3 
Action to be taken when breach of security occurs: 
 
(a) 
Carryout a swift detailed investigation. 
(b) 
If culprit traced, hand him over to the police. 

108 
 
(c) 
If culprit not traced, file a FIR with local police. 
(d) 
Investigate the root-cause and prevent recurrence and also suggest remedial 
measures.  
2.4 
Reporting procedure: ILDC shall report to the jurisdictional police station on matters 
pertaining to theft / sabotage.  The ILDC shall also report to nearest IB office 
immediately in the event of cases pertaining to espionage, subversion, terrorism 
etc., 
2.5 
Personnel Security 
Every ILDC shall ensure that no leakage of information occurs through any personnel 
for personal gain, for political affiliation or hacking of website. 
2.6 
Verification of Character and Antecedents 
Verification of Character & Antecedents of all proprietors /CEOs should  be 
conducted through jurisdiction police.   
Chapter-3 
SECURITY OF PREMISES AND PHYSICAL SECURITY MEASURES 
3.1 
Layouts of premises, perimeter wall, minimum entry/exit points are essential 
requirements for security. 
3.2 
Security control room and security officer’s office shall be situated near the factory 
main gate.   
3.4 
All employees are to be issued with ID cards. 
3.4 
Perimetric, Access Control and Security Personnel 
3.4.1  The private sector defence company shall comply with Perimetric, access 
control system and security requirements as details given below: 
Category 
Head 
 
Perimetric, & 
Access 
Control 
Physical Security on 
perimeter 
6 Ft brick wall  
Access 
Control 
Entry / Exit gates (checking of ID 
Cards / frisking etc). 
Material  
Records for incoming / outgoing 
materials. 
Security 
Personnel 
Security Personnel 
Security Officer reporting to CEO /MD. 
Trained Security Guards from Security 

109 
 
Agencies. 
Perimeter Patrol. 
Fire Fighting System. 
Training on security measures. 
3.4.2 
Labour Pass . Labour pass with photo would be issued by the office of CCSO 
for Casual Labour who are working for a specific period/term. 
 
 
3.4.3 
Token labourer Tokens should be issued on daily basis for labourer 
employed for constructions / other duties The contractor employing such 
labourers i.e. on term basis / daily basis should be accountable & 
responsible for such casual labourers for the durations working inside the 
plant.  To this effect, an undertaking may be obtained from the contractor. 
 
3.5 
Keys Management- All keys of the facilities are to be deposited at the  
security. 
System of Keys Pickup / Dropping during commencement and closure should be put 
in place.    
3.6 
Duplicate keys of running keys are to be made available at the security,  which shall 
be kept under safe custody of security officer concerned.   
CHAPTER – 4 
Material Security 
 
4.1 
Incoming and outgoing Material 
No railway car, truck or other vehicle conveying crates, boxes, machinery, repair 
parts, fuel or other material should be admitted to the plant without first being 
examined and thoroughly searched by a guard for concealed explosive, contraband 
items, incendiary devices or other hazardous items, No material should be allowed 
to go out of the factory area without a proper pass from an authority authorized for 
the purpose.  Such authority should be restricted to few officers only and their 
specimen signatures should be available at the gate for easy and quick identification.  
4.2 
Inward Material Register 
Entry will be made in the register in respect of all materials that come into the plant, 
either brought by the contractors as sample, or brought by the stores officers as 
supplies/samples, for which inward materials gate pass has been issued by the 
security gate officers.  Samples and such other materials taken back should be 
crossed out after the party has returned the inward materials gate pass. 
 
 

110 
 
4.3 
Material Gate Pass Register 
This register shows materials that went out of the factory under an authorized gate 
pass.  The time and nature of materials sent out shall the gate staff showing that the 
item is brought back.  The time of return however should be noted.  A specimen 
signature book showing the signature of the officer authorized to sign passes should 
also be maintained.  
Chapter -5 
DOCUMENT AND EQUIPMENT SECURITY 
5.1 
Classification of document 
5.1.1 
The documents shall be classified as follows: 
a) 
Top Secret 
 
b) 
Secret 
 
c) 
Confidential 
 
d) 
Restricted. 
5.1.2 Top 
Secret - Shall be applied for information and material, the 
unauthorized  disclosure of which could cause exceptional grave damage to 
the National  Security. 
5.1.3 Secret – Applied to the information and material, the unauthorized disclosure 
of which could cause serious damage to National Security or National Interest 
or cause serious embarrassment to the Govt. in its functioning. 
5.1.4 Confidential – Unauthorized disclosure of which could be expected to cause 
damage to National security or could be prejudicial to national interests or 
would  embarrass the Govt. in functioning. 
5.1.5 Restricted - shall be applied to information materials, which are essentially 
meant for official use only and which should not be published or 
communicated to anyone except for official purpose. 
5.2 
Guidelines for Classification- Classification should not be under/ over  
classified.  
Classification should be done by the Originator.      
5.3 
Care & Custody of documents & materials– It is the   responsibility of holder to take 
care of the documents.  Documents may be passed to another individual  to deal and 
the transfer has to be recorded and receipt obtained.  Disclosure is limited to only 
those directly concerned.   

111 
 
Chapter-6 
COMMUNICATION SECURITY 
6.1 
Telephones 
- Care has to be taken to prevent inadvertent leakage of classified 
information by discussing classified matters over the phone. 
6.2 
All telephones should have facility to identify the telephone number of caller i.e. 
Caller ID should be provided to the facility. 
6.3 
FAX communication – Communication to be carried out after identifying the party 
before transmitting a message. 
Chapter-7 
COMPUTER SECURITY 
7.1 
General 
Information systems (IS) that are used to capture, create, store, process or distribute 
classified information must be properly managed to protect against unauthorized 
disclosure of classified information, loss of data integrity to ensure the availability of 
the data and system. 
 
7.1.2 The organization must at all times be in strict compliance with the IT Act 
2000, as amended in 2008 and as amended from time to time. 
Cat-C ILDCs in case dealing with classified information, Cyber Security Audit shall be 
undertaken by a Third party, who is empanelled by the (Computer Emergency 
Response Team – India) CERT-In,  the list published on their web site 
 
7.2 
An Indian Citizen to be appointed/ nominated as Cyber Information Security Officer 
(CISO). The CISO function may be accomplished by one senior officer having 
adequate knowledge on IT systems of the organization in addition to his/her job. The 
responsibilities to be assigned to the CISO may include the following: 
 
a) Ensure the implementation of security measures, in accordance with 
facility procedures. 
b) Ensure that the sensitivity level of the information is determined prior to 
use on the IS and that the proper security measures are implemented to 
protect this information. 
c) Ensure that unauthorized personnel are not granted use of, or access to, 
an IS. 
d) To govern marking, handling, controlling, removing, transporting, 
sanitizing, reusing, and destroying media and equipment containing 
classified information. 

112 
 
e) For the reporting of IS security incidents and initiating,  protective or 
corrective measures when a security incident or vulnerability is 
discovered. 
f) For implementing and maintaining security-related software for the 
detection of malicious code, viruses, and intruders (hackers), as 
appropriate. 
g) Conduct ongoing security reviews and tests of the IS to periodically verify 
that security features and operating controls are functional and effective. 
h) Ensure that all active user Ids are revalidated at least annually. 
 
7.3 
Security for Personal Computers, Laptops, Desktops, etc 
Inventory of all the computer assets with their serial no, brief specs, make & model 
to be maintained in a register. All the computers containing sensitive / restricted / 
confidential information received from Licensors be marked through a red sticker on 
the screen.  
 
7.3.1 Following protective measures to be undertaken. 
 
a) Use Genuine Operating System & other Software's as unauthorized 
software's may contain spywares /viruses. 
b) Update patches regularly. 
c) PC / Laptop should be loaded with commercial grade AV which is to be 
updated at least on daily basis. 
d) The built-in Firewall at the OS level must be ON at all times. 
e) There should be minimum two level passwords one at boot level & other 
at the screen lock level. 
f) Do not use Administrator account for daily usage of saving the data. 
g) Before destroying the computer, the Hard disk must be removed and 
physically damaged to ensure that the data do not go in wrong hands. 
 
7.4 
Application Protection 
 
a) The Licensee Companies should use either their own e-mail server or a mail 
server hosted in India or a mail ID provided by the Licensor Company to prevent 
leakage of data from commercially available Foreign based mail servers. 
b) Companies using ERP, CAD/CAM Software's etc may restrict the access of 
Internet to the systems marked for these activities or where ever sensitive 
information is stored. 
 
 
 

113 
 
7.5 
Data Leakage Prevention 
 
a) Usage of pen drives / removable media to be regulated through access control on 
USB ports and having a record of all such removable medias and the persons 
responsible for it. 
 
b) In case the company is required to handle any information which is classified like 
top secret, secret, Confidential and Restricted then the Information system 
security mentioned in this manual will not be sufficient and the same is to be 
handled through additional security measures / manually (Paper transaction of 
the Drawing Documents). 
 
c) The information shared to the vendors by the Licensor be provided on need to 
know basis i.e. the information not required to be  masked by the Licensor, e.g., 
the drawing template details except part no. and part name may be hidden. 
 
7.6 
Guidelines for Computer Users or Operators 
 
(a) 
DOs. 
 
(i)  
Observe effective physical security procedures to restrict access to 
computer systems. Access to be given only to authorized persons. 
 
(ii)  
Use hardware locks in the cabinets in which the computer system is 
housed. 
 
(iii)  
The contents of cartridge tapes, CDs or Pen Drives are as good as 
written files. All physical and static protective measures and 
instructions laid down in this manual for document security will also 
apply to the use, control and custody of data CDs or Pen Drives. 
External storage media containing classified data will be marked and 
treated like other classified documents. 
 
(iv)  
All classified documents should be stored in an encrypted form in PCs 
as well as external storage devices. 
 
(v)  
Adopt effective physical access control procedures by incorporating 
proper identification and authentication mechanism like "Complex 
password' at different levels and 'Dynamic Log in' by verifying the 
user's magnetic strip cards, finger prints and voice recognition, 

114 
 
depending upon the nature of sensitivity of the data. User password is 
the most important aspect whose Confidentiality must be zealously 
guarded. Further, a password should have the characteristics laid 
down in this chapter. 
 
(vi)  
Audit trails are activated for keeping electronic record on the system 
regarding use of computer system by various users. Activities of a user 
be logged and appropriate audit trails be maintained on the system in 
electronic form.  
 
(vii)  
Before deleting the sensitive files, overwrite the files with some junk 
data to prevent restoration of the sensitive data by any means. Keep 
the backup of operating system software and application software 
under safe custody. One backup copy should be kept in different 
location as a precaution against fire hazards. 
 
(viii)  
Backup data should be periodically updated. Keep the software 
maintenance tool in your own custody. The periodic checking of 
backup inventory and testing of the ability to restore information 
validates that the overall backup process is working. This may be 
given to the engineer called to attend to the faults in the system as 
and when required. 
 
(ix)  
External CD writers will be under the custody of officer only. CD writer 
will be used only in minimum and unavoidable files and data. 
 
(x)  
Ensure safe custody of the Computer Storage Media such as cartridge 
tapes, Pen Drives, CDs etc. 
 
 
(xi)  
Every new incoming storage media or software should be tested for 
Virus. 
 
(xii)  
Always use original software purchased from the authorised vendors. 
 
(xiii)  
Copying of data, deletion, modification, etc. from the disk should be 
done under proper authorisation and supervision of the office-in-
charge. 
 
(xiv)  
Use Screen saver password. 
 
(xv)  
Use exclusive computer for internet. 

115 
 
 
(xvi) 
Software tools like device locks may be used to block unwanted 
 
storage devices, Ports and other external accessories. 
 
(xvii)  The movement or exchange of storage medias should be with the 
prior approval of the officer-in-charge of the office. 
 
(xviii)  In case the shift system is in vogue, there should be proper handing / 
taking over among the shift-in-charge. 
 
(xix) 
Damaged and unusable  cartridges, tapes and CD(RW) and pen drives 
should be broken and destroyed and record to this effect should be 
maintained. 
 
(xx)  
All the used printer ribbons and carbons should be destroyed by 
burning. 
 
(xxi)  
Maintenance or rectification of faults in the computer system should 
be carried out under proper supervision. Keep an eye on the outside 
engineer attending to the fault in your computer system. 
 
(xxii)  Use UPS units to prevent corruption of data and software. 
 
(xxiii)  Where feasible, all digital storage devices when permitted to be taken 
out, will be password protected and prior permission of security office 
is obtained. 
 
(xxiv)  Some PCs like HCL computers have in-built physical locking system. 
The user should keep the computer locked when it is not in use and 
ensure safe custody of the operating and duplicate keys. 
 
(xxv)  Culture of one printer or more per PC should be curbed. Ensure
 
centralized printing within section. 
 
(xxvi)  Network printers must be located in a secure place so that the 
documents being printed cannot be taken away by unauthorized 
personnel. 
 
 
(xxviii)  Internet PC as well as patches released by OEM should be periodically 
updated. Live updates for Anti-virus/Anti-spyware and portable 

116 
 
storage media used on internet machine to be scanned for spyware, 
Trojan and another suspicious malware before being used on LAN. 
 
(b) 
DON'Ts. 
 
(i)  
Don't let any unauthorized persons use your computer system.  
 
(ii)  
Don't share your password with anyone, not even your colleagues. 
 
(iii)  
Don't reveal the root password to any unauthorized person, 
particularly an outsider. 
 
(iv) 
Don't connect the computer directly to the mains. Also, no heavy 
electric load drawing machines like plain paper copier, shredding 
machines, coolers etc. should be connected to the source of constant 
voltage supply to the computer. 
 
(v) 
Do not connect your computer system storing classified data to 
internet. 
 
(vi)  
Don't allow staff members to bring their own storage medias or 
software to run on the computer system of the department. 
 
(vii)  
Don't use pirated or gifted copies of software as these may contain 
viruses and even facilitate intrusions into the system. 
 
(viii)  
Don't play computer games. These could be the main carriers of 
computer viruses and an unsuspecting or easy media for an intruder 
to break into your computer system. 
 
(ix)  
Don't panic if your system comes to a halt. Try to find out the cause 
and take precautions for future. 
 
(x)  
Don't store TOP SECRET or SECRET information permanently in the 
hard disk of PC. Whenever TOP SECRET or SECRET information is 
processed on the PC, erase the information immediately from the disk 
after the processing is over. When CDs  are used for working on TOP 
SECRET or SECRET information it should be handled in accordance 
with the instructions for handling TOP SECRET or SECRET documents. 
It will be the responsibility of the authorized officer under whose 
supervision the PC work is being carried out.  

117 
 
 
(xi)  
Don't carry CDs outside the office building. In case a data stored 
media has to be taken outside the office building, its movement will 
be with prior approval. A record of the movement indicating full 
details like date or time of its being taken out, name of the officer 
taking it out and purpose, date and its time of its return etc will be 
maintained. 
 
(xii)  
Don't keep  CDs in table drawers etc. 
 
(xiii)  
Don't become a member of unofficial chat club or official chat club on 
official Internet. 
 
(xiv)  
Don't Carry Pornographic CDs or VCDs or such like material in other 
storage devices. 
 
(xv) 
Do not use pen drives, internal CD writer or combo drives unless 
specially authorized. 
 
(xvi)  
Do not use/install freely available screen saver on internet as these 
may have encoded spyware/Trojan. 
 
 
Chapter-8 
SUB CONTRACTING 
8.1 
ILDC may release or disclose classified information to subcontractor  subject to 
following conditions which shall also to included in the contract between sub-
contractor ILDC and also verified by ILDC 
a) 
Terms & Conditions relating to retention, handling and destruction of 
classified documents / materials received or generated under the  sub 
contract shall be clearly indicated in the main contract between sub 
contractor and prime ILDC. 
b) 
The sub-contractor should enter into non-disclosure agreement with the 
ILDC. 
8.2 
Termination / banning of contract– Sub contract may be terminated if found 
resorting to unethical practices causing loyalty and security concerns.   Action shall 

118 
 
be taken to recover all classified materials in its possession and banned the 
subcontractor for future participation and stopping of present business. 
8.3 
Penalty for Non-compliance of security guidelines by ILDC.  In the event of non-
adherence of security guidelines by ILDC, action shall  be taken against the ILDC or 
individual person as per relevant Government regulations/provisions in various Acts, 
such as IPC, CRPC, IDR Act, OSA, 1923 etc.  The ILDCs are further liable for action 
against them in the event of any breach of security resulting into compromising the 
national security and national interest under relevant  provisions of Official Secrets 
Act, 1923.  In case of  cancellation / suspension of industrial licence, completion of 
projects/procurement, fore-closures of the unit, the ILDC would be required to 
return all the classified information and materials in its possession to the rightful 
owner or Ministry of Defence, as the case may be, within 24 hours of such 
cancellation of the licence. 
 
Chapter-9 
VISITS & MEETINGS 
9.1 
Visit of Foreign Nationals In  the event of any Foreign National visiting the ILDC, the 
same has to be informed to the IB/MHA indicating the name and particulars of 
foreign national, the purpose, duration and the site of the visit.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

119 
 
 
 
 
QUARTERLY REPORT- FORMAT 
1. Foreigners Visit 
Name & 
Address 
Nationality 
Passport / 
Visa Details 
Area Visited 
Purpose of 
Visit 
Duration of 
visit 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2. 
IB Inspection Compliance Report: 
 
Observations of IB 
Action Taken 
Stage of 
Progress 
Probable date 
of completion 
Remarks, if any 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3. 
Fire Accident:  
Date & Place of Fire 
Accident 
Cause of fire 
Loss/ Value  
Corrective 
Measures 
taken 
Remarks, if any 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4. 
Incident Report: (Theft, Sabotage, Espionage, Strike, Loss of Arms & Ammunition 
etc) 
Date & time of incident 
Brief description of 
incident  
Loss/ Value  
Corrective 
Measures 
taken 
Remarks, if any 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5. 
Miscellaneous Report: 
 
If any 
 

