Non-Disclosure Agreement Form 
 
 
 
 
On bond Paper Value Rs 100/- 
This Non-Disclosure Agreement made and entered into at …………………. this…….day of 
……………….. 2020 BY AND BETWEEN ………………………………… Company Limited, a company 
incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956 having its registered office at ….………. 
(hereinafter referred to as the Implementation partner, which expression unless repugnant to 
the context or meaning thereof be deemed to include its permitted successors) of the ONE 
PART;  
AND  
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development, a body corporate established under an 
act of Parliament, viz., National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development Act, 1981 having 
its registered office at NABARD Head Office, C-24, “G” Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra 
(East), Mumbai- 400051 (hereinafter referred to as “NABARD” which expression shall unless 
repugnant to the context or meaning thereof be deemed to include its successors and assigns) 
of the OTHER PART.  
The System Integrator and NABARD are hereinafter collectively referred to as “the Parties 
“and individually as “the Party”  
WHEREAS:  
1. 
NABARD is engaged in Banking business and   floated a Request for Proposal to 
appoint an System Integrator for Request for Proposal for Supply, Installation, Configuration, 
Testing, Commissioning and Maintenance of VC Endpoints at NABARD’s various Regional 
Offices/ 
Training 
Establishments, 
the 
scope 
of 
which 
is 
specified 
in 
________________________ 
and 
whereas 
_________________________________ (Name of Vendor) has  through an RFP 
process, bid for the work.  In the course of such assignment, it is anticipated that NABARD or 
any of its officers, employees, officials, representatives or agents may disclose, or deliver, to 
the System Integrator some Confidential Information (as hereinafter defined), to enable the 
System Integrator to carry out the aforesaid exercise (hereinafter referred to as " the 
Purpose").  
2. 
The System Integrator is aware and confirms that the information, data and other 
documents made available in the Agreement /Contract and thereafter regarding the services 
delivered in this RFP or otherwise shall remain confidential.  
3. 
The System Integrator is aware that all the confidential information under the Bid 
documents or those shared under the terms of this Agreement or Contract is privileged and 
strictly confidential and/ or proprietary to NABARD.  
4. 
For the purpose of advancing their business relationship, the parties would need to 
disclose certain valuable confidential information to each other. Therefore, in consideration 
of covenants and agreements contained herein for the mutual disclosure of confidential 
information to each other, and intending to be legally bound, the parties agree to terms and 
conditions as set out hereunder. 
5. 
Receiving Party means who receives the confidential information. 
6. 
Disclosing Party means who discloses the confidential information.  
NOW, THEREFORE THIS AGREEMENT WITNESSETH THAT in consideration of the above 
premises and NABARD granting the System Integrator and or his agents, representatives to 

have specific access to NABARD property / information and other data it is hereby agreed by 
and between the parties hereto as follows:  
1. Confidential Information 
(i)“Confidential Information” means all information disclosed/furnished by NABARD or any 
such information which comes into the knowledge of the System Integrator during the course 
of engagement, whether orally, in writing or in electronic, magnetic or other form for the 
limited purpose of enabling the System Integrator to carry out the assignment, and shall mean 
and include data, documents and information or any copy, abstract, extract, sample, note or 
module thereof, explicitly designated as "Confidential";  
Confidential Information” also includes, without limitation, information relating to installed 
or purchased Disclosing Party material or hardware products, the information relating to 
general architecture of Disclosing Party’s network, information relating to nature and content 
of data stored within network or in any other storage media, Disclosing Party’s business 
policies, practices, methodology, policy design delivery, and information received from others 
that Disclosing Party is obligated to treat as confidential. Confidential Information disclosed 
to Receiving Party by any Disclosing Party Subsidiary and/ or agents is covered by this 
agreement. 
(ii) 
Information such as (i) intellectual property information; (ii) technical or business 
information or material not covered in (i); (iii) proprietary or internal information relating to 
the current, future and proposed products or services of NABARD including, financial 
information, process/flow charts, business models, designs, drawings, data information 
related to products and services, procurement requirements, purchasing, customers, 
investors, employees, business and contractual relationships, business forecasts, business 
plans and strategies, information the Parties provide regarding third parties; (iv) information 
disclosed pursuant to this agreement including but not limited to  Information Security policy 
and procedures, internal policies and plans and Organization charts etc.; and (v) all such other 
information which by its nature or the circumstances of its disclosure is confidential  
(iii) 
“Intellectual Property Rights” means any patent, copyright, trademark, trade name, 
design, trade secret, permit, service marks, brands, propriety information, knowledge, 
technology, licenses, databases, computer programs, software, know-how or other form of 
intellectual property right, title, benefits or interest whether arising before or after the 
execution of this Contract and the right to ownership and registration of these rights.  
iv) The System Integrator may use the Confidential Information solely for and in connection 
with the Purpose and shall not use the Confidential Information or any part thereof for any 
reason other than the Purpose stated above.   
Confidential Information in oral form must be identified as confidential at the time of 
disclosure and confirmed as such in writing within fifteen days of such disclosure.  
Confidential Information does not include information which:  
(a)  Is or subsequently becomes legally and publicly available without breach of this 
Agreement.  
 (b) was rightfully in the possession of the System Integrator without any obligation of 
confidentiality prior to receiving it from NABARD, or prior to entering into this agreement, 
the recipient shall have the burden of proving the source of information herein above 
mentioned and are applicable to the information in the possession of the recipient.  
(c) was rightfully obtained by the System Integrator from a source other than NABARD 
without any obligation of confidentiality,  

(d) was developed by for the System Integrator independently and without reference to any 
Confidential Information and such independent development can be shown by documentary 
evidence.  
(e) the recipient knew or had in its possession, prior to disclosure, without limitation on its 
confidentiality;  
(f) is released from confidentiality with the prior written consent of the other party.  
The recipient shall have the burden of proving hereinabove are applicable to the information 
in the possession of the recipient.  
Confidential Information shall at all times remain the sole and exclusive property of NABARD. 
Upon termination of this Agreement, Confidential information shall be returned to NABARD 
or destroyed at its directions. The destruction of information if any, shall be witnessed and so 
recorded, in writing, by an authorised representative of each of the Parties.  Nothing contained 
herein shall in any manner impair or affect rights of NABARD in respect of the Confidential 
Information.  
In the event System Integrator is legally compelled to disclose any Confidential Information, 
System Integrator shall give sufficient notice of 45 days to NABARD to prevent or minimize to 
the extent possible, such disclosure. System Integrator shall disclose to third party i.e. any 
Confidential Information or the contents of this Agreement without the prior written consent 
of NABARD. The obligations of this Clause shall be satisfied by handling Confidential 
Information with the same degree of care, which the System Integrator will apply to its own 
similar confidential information but in no event less than reasonable care. The obligations of 
this clause shall survive the expiration, cancellation or termination of this Agreement.  
2. Non-disclosure 
The System Integrator shall not commercially use or disclose any Confidential Information or 
any materials derived there from to any other person or entity other than persons in the direct 
employment of the System Integrator who have a need to have access to and knowledge of the 
Confidential Information solely for the Purpose authorized above. The System Integrator shall 
take appropriate measures by instruction and written agreement prior to disclosure to such 
employees to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure.  The System Integrator agrees to notify 
NABARD immediately if it learns of any use or disclosure of the Confidential Information in 
violation of terms of this Agreement.  
Notwithstanding the marking and identification requirements above, the following categories 
of information shall be treated as Confidential Information under this Agreement irrespective 
of whether it is marked or identified as confidential:  
a) 
Information regarding ‘NABARD’ and any of its Affiliates, customers and their 
accounts (“Customer Information”). For purposes of this Agreement, Affiliate means a 
business entity now or hereafter controlled by, controlling or under common control. Control 
exists when an entity owns or controls more than 50% of the outstanding shares or securities 
representing the right to vote for the election of directors or other managing authority of 
another entity; or  
b) 
any aspect of NABARD’s business that is protected by patent, copyright, trademark, 
trade secret or other similar intellectual property right; or  
c) 
Business processes and procedures; or  
d) 
Current and future business plans; or  
e) 
Personnel information; or  

f) 
Financial information.  
g) 
Capital adequacy computation workings  
3. Publications  
The System Integrator shall not make news releases, public announcements, give interviews, 
issue or publish advertisements or publicize in any other manner whatsoever in connection 
with this Agreement, the contents / provisions thereof, other information relating to this 
Agreement, including references whether through media, social network or otherwise, the 
Purpose, the Confidential Information or other matter of this Agreement, without the prior 
written approval of NABARD.  
4. Term 
This Agreement shall be effective from the date hereof and shall continue till expiration of the 
Purpose or termination of this Agreement by NABARD, whichever is earlier.  The System 
Integrator hereby agrees and undertakes to NABARD that immediately on termination of this 
Agreement it would forthwith cease using the Confidential Information and further as directed 
NABARD promptly return or destroy, under information to NABARD, all information received 
by it from NABARD for the Purpose, whether marked Confidential or otherwise, and whether 
in written, graphic or other tangible form and all copies, abstracts, extracts, samples, notes or 
modules thereof. The System Integrator further agrees and undertake to NABARD to certify 
in writing to NABARD that the obligations set forth in this Agreement have been fully 
complied with.  
Obligation of confidentiality contemplated under this Agreement shall continue to be binding 
and applicable without limit in point in time. The System Integrator agrees and undertake to 
treat Confidential Information as confidential for a period of [five (5)] years from the date of 
receipt and in the event of earlier termination of the Contract/Agreement, the Parties hereby 
agree to maintain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information for a further period of 
[two (2)] years from the date of such early termination.  
5.Title and Proprietary Rights  
Notwithstanding the disclosure of any Confidential Information by NABARD to the 
Implementation partner, the title and all intellectual property and proprietary rights in the 
Confidential Information shall remain with NABARD.  
6.Return of Confidential Information  
Upon written demand of the Disclosing Party, the Receiving Party shall (i) cease using the 
Confidential Information, (ii) return the Confidential Information and all the copies, abstracts, 
extracts, samples, notes, modules thereof to the Disclosing Party within seven (07) days after 
receipt of notice, and (iii) upon request of Disclosing Party, certify in writing that the Receiving 
Party has complied with the obligations set forth in this paragraph.  
7.Remedies 
7.1. The System Integrator acknowledges the confidential nature of Confidential Information 
and breach of any provision of this Agreement by the System Integrator will result in 
irreparable damage to NABARD for which monetary compensation may not be adequate and 
agrees that, if it or any of its directors, officers or employees should engage or cause or permit 
any other person to engage in any act in violation of any provision hereof. NABARD shall be 
entitled, in addition to other remedies for damages & relief as may be available to it, to an 
injunction or similar relief prohibiting the Implementation partner, its directors, officers etc. 
from engaging in any such act which constitutes or results in breach of any of the covenants of 

this Agreement. Any claim for relief to NABARD shall include NABARD’s costs and expenses 
of enforcement (including the attorney's fees). 
7.2. Receiving Party shall notify Disclosing Party immediately upon discovery of any 
unauthorized used or disclosure of Confidential Information and/ or Confidential Materials, 
or any other breach of this Agreement by Receiving Party, and will cooperate with Disclosing 
Party in every reasonable way to help Disclosing Party regain possession of the Confidential 
Information and/ or Confidential Materials and prevent its further unauthorized use.  
7.3. Receiving Party shall return all originals, copies, reproductions and summaries of 
Confidential Information or Confidential Materials at Disclosing Party’s request, or at 
Disclosing Party’s option, certify destruction of the same.  
7.4. Receiving Party acknowledges that monetary damages may not be the only and / or a 
sufficient remedy for unauthorized disclosure of Confidential Information and that disclosing 
party shall be entitled, without waiving any other rights or remedies (as listed below), to 
injunctive or equitable relief as may be deemed proper by a Court of competent jurisdiction.  
a. Suspension of access privileges 
b. Change of personnel assigned to the job  
c. Financial liability for all direct damages which disclosing party has incurred as a result of a 
finally determined breach of the terms of this agreement by the Recipient or its employees or 
advisors or representatives.  
d. Termination of contract  
7.5. Disclosing Party may visit Receiving Party’s premises, with reasonable prior notice and 
during normal business hours, to review Receiving Party’s compliance with the term of this 
Agreement. 
8. Entire Agreement, Amendment, Assignment 
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties relating to the matters 
discussed herein and supersedes any and all prior oral discussions and/or written 
correspondence or agreements relating to non-disclosure between the parties. The Agreement 
may be amended or modified only with the mutual written consent of the parties. Neither this 
Agreement nor any right granted hereunder shall be assignable or otherwise transferable.  
9. Miscellaneous  
9.1. Any software, material and documentation provided under this Agreement is provided 
with RESTRICTED RIGHTS.  
9.2. Neither party grants to the other party any license, by implication or otherwise, to use the 
Confidential Information, other than for the limited purpose of evaluating or advancing a 
business relationship between the parties, or any license rights whatsoever in any patent, 
copyright or other intellectual property rights pertaining to the Confidential Information.  
9.3. The terms of Confidentiality under this Agreement shall not be construed to limit either 
party’s right to independently develop or acquire product without use of the other party’s 
Confidential Information. Further, either party shall be free to use for any purpose the 
residuals resulting from access to or work with such Confidential Information, provided that 
such party shall maintain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information as provided 
herein. The term “residuals” means information in non-tangible form, which may be retained 
by person who has had access to the Confidential Information, including ideas, concepts, 
know-how or techniques contained therein. Neither party shall have any obligation to limit or 

restrict the assignment of such persons or to pay royalties for any work resulting from the use 
of residuals. However, the foregoing shall not be deemed to grant to either party a license 
under the other party’s copyrights or patents.  
9.4. For the purpose of avoiding any ambiguity it is clarified that the services / solution or 
other deliverables provided or to be provided by the consultants to Bank shall be the property 
of the Bank and shall not be considered as confidential information to the Bank. However, 
such service / solutions or other deliverables shall be considered as confidential information 
by the consultant and shall not be disclose such details to any third parties without having the 
express written permission of the Bank.  
9.5. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the 
subject matter hereof. It shall not be modified except by a written agreement dated 
subsequently to the date of this Agreement and signed by both parties. None of the provisions 
of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been waived by any act or acquiescence on the part 
of Disclosing Party, its agents, or employees, except by an instrument in writing signed by an 
authorized officer of Disclosing Party. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall 
constitute a waiver of any other provision(s) or of the same provision on another occasion.  
9.6. In case of any dispute, both the parties agree for sole arbitration. The said proceedings 
shall be conducted in English language at Mumbai and in accordance with the provisions of 
Indian Arbitration and Conciliation Act 1996 or any Amendments or Re-enactments thereto.  
9.7. Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement will inure to the 
benefit of and be binding upon the parties, their successors and assigns.  
9.8. If any provision of this Agreement shall be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be 
illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect.  
9.9 All obligations created by this Agreement shall survive change or termination of the 
parties‟ business relationship.  
10. Suggestions and Feedback  
10.1 Either party from time to time may provide suggestions, comments or other feedback to 
the other party with respect to Confidential Information provided originally by the other party 
(hereinafter “feedback”). Both party agree that all Feedback is and shall be entirely voluntary 
and shall not in absence of separate agreement, create any confidentially obligation for the 
receiving party. However, the Receiving Party shall not disclose the source of any feedback 
without the providing party’s consent. Feedback shall be clearly designated as such and, except 
as otherwise provided herein, each party shall be free to disclose and use such Feedback as it 
sees fit, entirely without obligation of any kind to other party. The foregoing shall not, 
however, affect either party’s obligations hereunder with respect to Confidential Information 
of other party. 
11.Governing Law  
The provisions of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of India and the competent 
court at Mumbai shall have exclusive jurisdiction in relation thereto even though other Courts 
in India may also have similar jurisdictions.  
12.General  
NABARD discloses the Confidential Information without any representation or warranty, 
whether express, implied or otherwise, on truthfulness, accuracy, completeness, lawfulness, 
and merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, non-infringement, or anything else.  

In witness whereof, the Parties hereto have executed these presents the day, month and year 
first herein above written.  
 
 
BUYER 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BIDDER 
Name of the Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
Chief Executive Officer 
Designation   
 
 
 
 
 
Organisation  
NABARD 
 
Witness 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Witness 
1.____________________ 
 
 
 
1.___________________ 
 
2.____________________ 
 
 
 
2.___________________ 
 

 

