 
 
 
 
 
Format of Non-Disclosure Agreement (NDA) 
 
(To be typed on Rs.100/- non-judicial stamp paper) 
 
 
This Agreement is made as of the ------------- 2022 between Telecommunications Consultants 
India Limited (TCIL) a Government of India Enterprise, having its Corporate office at TCIL Bhawan, 
Greater Kailash-1, New Delhi 
which expression shall unless repugnant to the subject or the context mean and included its 
successors, nominees or assigns and M/s    ---------------------------- 
------------------------ 
-------------- a company incorporated under the Indian Companies Act, 1956, and having its registered 
office at - -                            -             -          -          -                -             -     - 
-------------- Herein after called “----------------------” which expression shall unless repugnant to the 
subject or the context mean and include its successors, nominees or assigns. 
 
Whereas in order to pursue the mutual business purpose of this particular project as specified in 
Exhibit A (the “Business Purpose”), TCIL and M/s----------------------------- 
---------------------------------------------------------------- recognize that there is a 
need to disclose to one another certain information, as defined in para 1 below, of each party to be 
used only for the Business Purpose and to protect such confidential information from unauthorized use 
and disclosure. 
In consideration of the other party’s disclosure of such information, each party agrees as follows: 
 
1. This Agreement will apply to all confidential and proprietary information disclosed by one party to 
the other party, including information listed in Exhibit A attached hereto and other information 
which the disclosing party identifies in writing or otherwise as confidential before or within thirty 
days after disclosure to the receiving party (“Confidential Information”). Information consists of 
certain specifications, designs, plans, drawings, software, prototypes and/or technical information, 
and all copies and derivatives containing such Information, that may be disclosed to one another 
for and during the Purpose, which a party considers proprietary or confidential (“Information”). 
Information may be in any form or medium, tangible or intangible, and may be 
communicated/disclosed in writing, orally, or through visual observation or by any other means to 
one party (hereinafter referred to as the receiving party) by the other party (hereinafter referred 
to as one disclosing party). Information shall be subject to this Agreement, if it is in tangible form, 
only if clearly marked as proprietary or confidential as the case may be, when disclosed to the 
receiving party or, if not in tangible form, its proprietary nature must first be announced, and it 
must be reduced to writing and furnished to the receiving party within thirty(30) days of the initial 
disclosure. 
2    M/s  
 
and TCIL hereby agreed at during the Confidentiality Period: 
a) The receiving party shall use Information only for the Purpose, shall hold Information in 
confidence using the same degree of care as it normally exercises to protect its own proprietary 
information, but  not  less  than  reasonable care, taking into  account the  nature of  the 
Information, and shall grant access to Information only to its employees who have a need to 
know, but only to the extent necessary to carry out the business purpose of this project as 
defined in exhibit A, shall cause its employees to comply with the provisions of this Agreement 
applicable to the receiving party, shall reproduce Information only to the extent essential to 
fulfilling the Purpose, and shall prevent disclosure of Information to third parties. The receiving 
party may, however, disclose the Information to its consultants and contractors with a need to 
know; provided that by doing so, the receiving party agrees to bind those consultants and 
contractors to terms at least as restrictive as those stated herein, advise them of their 
obligations, and indemnify the disclosing party for any breach of those obligations. 
b) Upon the disclosing party's request, the receiving party shall either return to the disclosing 
party all Information or shall certify to the disclosing party that all media containing

 
 
 
 
 
Information have been destroyed. Provided, however, that an archival copy of the Information 
may be retained in the files of the receiving party's counsel, solely for the purpose of proving 
the contents of the Information. 
 
3    The foregoing restrictions on each party's use or disclosure of Information shall not apply to 
Information that the receiving party can demonstrate: 
 
a)    was independently developed by or for the receiving party without reference to the 
Information, or was received without restrictions; or 
 
b) 
has  become  generally  available  to  the  public  without  breach  of  confidentiality 
obligations of the receiving party; or 
 
c) 
was in the receiving party's possession without restriction or was known by the 
receiving party without restriction at the time of disclosure; or 
 
d)  is the subject of a subpoena or other legal or administrative demand for disclosure; 
provided, however, that the receiving party has given the disclosing party prompt notice 
of such demand for disclosure and the receiving party reasonably cooperates with the 
disclosing party's efforts to secure an appropriate protective order; or 
 
e)    is disclosed with the prior consent of the disclosing party; or 
 
f) 
was in its possession or known to it by being in its use or being recorded in its files or 
computers or other recording media prior to receipt from the disclosing party and was 
not previously acquired by the receiving party from the disclosing party under an 
obligation of confidence; or 
 
g) 
the receiving party obtains or has available from a source other than the 
disclosing party without breach by the receiving party or such source of any 
obligation of confidentiality or non-use towards the disclosing party. 
 
4 
Each party agrees not to remove any of the other party’s Confidential Information from the 
premises of the disclosing party without the disclosing party’s prior written approval. Each party 
agrees to exercise extreme care in protecting the confidentiality of any Confidential Information 
which is removed, only with the disclosing party’s prior written approval, from the disclosing party’s 
premises. Each party agrees to comply with any and all terms and conditions the disclosing party 
may impose upon any such approved removal, such as conditions that the removed Confidential 
Information and all copies must be returned by a certain date, and that no copies are to be make 
off of the premises. 
 
5 
Upon the disclosing party’s request, the receiving party will promptly return to the disclosing party 
all tangible items containing or consisting of the disclosing party’s Confidential Information all 
copies thereof. 
6 
Each party recognizes and agrees that all of the disclosing party’s Confidential Information is owned 
solely by the disclosing party (or its licensors) and that the unauthorized disclosure or use of such 
Confidential Information would cause irreparable harm and significant injury, the degree of which 
may be difficult to ascertain. Accordingly, each party agrees that the disclosing party will have the 
right to obtain an immediate injunction enjoining any breach of this Agreement, as well as the right 
to pursue any and all other rights and remedies available at law or in equity for such a breach. 
 
7 
Access to Information hereunder shall not preclude an individual who has seen such Information 
for the purposes of this Agreement from working on future projects for the receiving party which 
relate to similar subject matters, provided that such individual does not make reference to the 
Information and does not copy the substance of the Information during the Confidentiality Period. 
Furthermore, nothing contained herein shall be construed as imposing any restriction on the 
receiving party's disclosure or use of any general learning, skills or know-how developed by the

 
 
 
 
receiving party's personnel under this Agreement, if such disclosure and use would be regarded by 
a person of ordinary skill in the relevant area as not constituting a disclosure or use of the 
Information. 
 
8 
As between the parties, all Information shall remain the property of the disclosing party. By 
disclosing Information or executing this Agreement, the disclosing party does not grant any license, 
explicitly or implicitly, under any trademark, patent, copyright, mask work protection right, trade 
secret or any other intellectual property right. THE DISCLOSING PARTY DISCLAIMS ALL 
WARRANTIES REGARDING THE INFORMATION, INCLUDING ALL WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO 
INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS AND ALL WARRANTIES AS TO THE 
ACCURACY OR UTILITY OF SUCH INFORMATION. Execution of this Agreement and the disclosure 
of Information pursuant to this Agreement does not constitute or imply any commitment, promise, 
or inducement by either party to make any purchase or sale, or to enter into any additional 
agreement of any kind. 
 
9    Either party’s failure to enforce any provision, right or remedy under this agreement shall not 
constitute a waiver of such provision, right or remedy. 
 
10  This Agreement will be construed in, interpreted and applied in accordance with the laws of India. 
 
11  That in case of any dispute or differences, breach & violation relating to the terms of the Agreement. 
The said matter or dispute, difference shall be referred to sole arbitration of Chairman and Managing 
Director (CMD) of TCIL or any other person appointed by him. That the award of the arbitrator 
shall be final and binding on both the parties. In the event of such Arbitrator to whom the matter 
is originally referred to is being transferred or vacates his office on resignation or otherwise or 
refuses to do work or neglecting his work or being unable to act as Arbitrator for any reasons what 
so ever, the CMD TCIL shall appoint another person to act as Arbitrator in place of outgoing 
Arbitrator and the person so appointed shall be entitled to proceed further with the reference from 
the stage at which it was left by his predecessor. M/s 
……………………………………………………………………………………………………………….. will have no Objection in any 
such appointment, that arbitrator so appointed is employee of TCIL. The said Arbitrator shall act 
under the Provisions of the Arbitration and conciliation Act, 1996 or any statutory modifications or 
re-enactment there of or any rules made thereof. 
 
12  This Agreement and Exhibit A attached hereto constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with 
respect to the parties' respective obligations in connection with Information disclosed hereunder 
and supersedes all prior oral and written agreements and discussions with respect thereto. The 
parties can amend or modify this Agreement only by a writing duly executed by their respective 
authorized representatives. Neither party shall assign this Agreement without first securing the 
other party's written consent. 
 
13  This Agreement will remain in effect for Six years from the date of the last disclosure of Confidential 
Information, at which time it will terminate, unless extended by the disclosing party in writing. 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement by their duly authorized 
officers or representatives. 
 
 
M/s                                                         Telecommunications Consultants 
India Limited 
Signature:                     _                                   Signature:  
 
Printed Name:                                                     Printed 
Name: 
 
Title: 
Title :

 
 
 
 
 
Exhibit A 
 
1.  Business Purpose: Tender for Supply, Installation, Testing, Commissioning, AMC of Fixed 
Wire line - SMS Monitoring and Fraud Detection/Prevention Solution 
(SCP, SRP) and successfully migrate existing subscriber base to 
new system with upgraded servers and applications vide T.E.No.-- 
-----------------. 
 
2.      Confidential Information of M/s -   
 
 
 
3.      Confidential Information of Telecommunications Consultants India 
Limited (TCIL): 
 
 
●    All information shared, in oral or in written form, by TCIL with M/s 
 
 
 
●    Number of subscriptions, consumption pattern etc 
M/s              _  
 
Signed 

