




































MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
NAVAL HEADQUARTERS
DIRECTORATE OF AIR PROJECTS AND PLANS
INVITATION FOR EXPRESSION OF INTEREST (EO!

INDIGENOUS DESIGN, DEVELOPMENT AND MAN( COMBINED
INDICATOR OF INTEGRATED STAND-BY INSTRUMENT SYSTEM (ISIS)

“T UNDER MAKE Il SCHEME

25 Seph, 004
File No, 1611/MAKE 1111S

Reference Defence Acquisition Procedure 2020
. . - .

‘Appendix A Indigenous Content Aspect

Appendix: IPRof Govemment.

‘Appendix ‘Association of Persons Agreement

Appendix D Undertaking to comply with indigenous design.
Appendix E Evaluation of Technical Capability Criteria
Appendix F Information Performa

‘Appendix: Certificate.

‘Appendix H: Format for Project Report

‘Appendix J PSQRs of ISIS (PSGRs willbe issued to the interested firms only
‘post signing of Non- Disclosure Agreement)

Introduction

4. Indian Navy has been focusing on developing indigenous platforms, equipment and
systems towards achieving enhanced self-reliance. This Expression of Interest (Eo!)
invites responses from eligible Indian Companies for design, development and
‘manufacture of Combined Indicator of integrated Stand-by Instrument System (ISIS)
for fighter aircraft under ‘Make I’ sub category of the Make’ category. Combined indicator

of Integrated Stand-by Instrument System ({SIS) is designed to provide certain operational
Capabilities to the Navy. The Ministry of Defence (MoD), Govt of india, shall own Project,
Indigenous Design Development and Manufacture of Integrated Stand-by Instrument
‘System (ISIS). The information regarding the project will be shared strictly on ‘Need to
Know’ basis. The prototype (Qty-02) development of indigenous development of
combined indicator, of Integrated Stand-by Instrument System (SIS) has been approved
as ‘Make I’ category project. Subsequent procurement will be under the ‘Buy (Indian-
IDDM)’ category,

Objective

2. The objective of this Eo! is to seek responses from eligible Indian industries and to
shortlist potential companies. Responses to Eol will be evaluated as per the assessment
criteria given in the Eol. Project shall be progressed even if only one Eol respondent is
found meeting eligiblity criteria. However, priority shall be given to MSMEs over other
respondents.

‘ayout
3. The Eol has been covered under the following parts:-

(a) Parti = General information
(e) Parti! = Technical Requirements
(©) Partill = Critical Technology Areas
(d) PartIV—- Guidelines for formation of Association of Persons
(AOP) ie. consortium
)  PatV == Eligibility Criteria
() Pati = Assessment Parameters
(@) PartVil = ~—_ Evaluation Criteria of Assessment Parameters
(h) Part Vill = Documents to be submitted by EO! Respondents
@~—-PartIX = Queries and Clarifications,
(k) PatX = —_- PSQRs of ISIS (PSRs will be issued to the interested

firms only post signing of Non- Disclosure Agreement)

4, The project of design development and Manufacture of Combined Indicator of
Integrated Stand-by Instrument System (ISIS) for MiG-29K aircraft has been approved
under the ‘Make I’ category for development of prototype (02 Nos) and for subsequent
Procurement under the ‘Buy (Indian-IDDM)’ category as per DAP 2020. Details of the
stages involved in the development process are enumerated in Chapter Il] of DAP 2020.
‘The progress of the project will be monitored by the Project Facilitation Team (PFT) of
Indian Navy/ MoD constituted for the purpose. PFT will act as interface between Indian
Navy and Industry during the design and development stage of the project. No
reimbursement of development cost is permissible under Make ll scheme.

5. Eligibility to Respond to an Eol as Individual as Consortium. The
Eol can be responded to, atthe option of an Eol recipient, by any ofthe following entiles:-

(2) Individual Eot Recipient; or

(b) Association of Persons (AoP) i.e. Consortium of Indian Companies
consisting of two or more than two EOI recipients undertaking joint and several
liability and an Eol Recipient designated as the lead member through a
“Association of Persons (AoP) Agreement. All Eo! Recipients as the members
of the AoP will sign the contract with MoD. This Agreement will be applicable for
the entire project including but not limited to Production Phase and Lifecycle!
Technology Refresh Contract placed by MoD, if any.

(©) Definition of Indian Vendor. For defence products requiring industrial
license, an Indian Vendor (by whatever nomenclature), means an Indian entity,
‘which could include incorporation’ ownership models as per Companies Act,
Partnership Firm, Proprietorship and other types of ownership models including
Societies as per relevant laws, complying with, besides other regulations in force,
and the quidelinesiiicensing requirements stipulated by the Department for
Promotion of Industry and intemal Trade (DPIIT) as applicable, unless specifically
provided for in a clause/ section/ chapter or elsewhere of the DAP. For defence
products not requiring industrial license, an Indian entity registered under the
relevant Indian laws and complying with all regulations in force applicable to that
industry will be classified as an Indian Vendor. The following two additional
‘conditions will apply to the definition for Make Il

() Ownership by Resident Indian Citizen(s). Further, a company is
considered as ‘Owned’ by resident Indian citizens if more than fifty percent
(50%) of the capital in it is directly or beneficially owned by resident Indian

citizens and | or Indian companies, which are ultimately owned and
controled by resident Indian ciizens. This implies that the maximum
permitted Foreign Direct Investment (FDI shal be forty nine percent (49%)
No pyramiding of FDI in Indian holding companies or in Indian entities
subscribing to shares or securities ofthe Applicant Company or the Strategic
Partner shall be permitted. Indirect foreign investment shall be accounted for
in counting the forty-nine percent (49%) FDI

(i) Control_by Resident indian Cit (As_defined_in
Companies Act 2013). ‘Controf’ shail include the right to appoint majority
of the directors or to control the management or policy decisions including
by virtue of their shareholding or management rights or shareholders
agreements or voting agreements.

6. Indigenous Content. In accordance with Para 8 of Chapter 1 of DAP 2020
products indigenously designed, developed and manufactured should have minimum of
50% Indigenous Content (IC) on cost basis of the Base contract Price. Apart from overall
IC as detailed above, the same percentage of IC will also be required in following costs
‘taken together at all stages, including trial stage

(a) Basic Cost of Equipment.

(b) Cost of Manufacturers "Recommended List of Spares (MRLS).

(©) Cost of Special Maintenance Tools (SMT) and Special Test Equipment
(STE).

For IC on cost basis, vendor should ensure compliance as detailed in Appendix A. the
vendor shall provide an “Undertaking to comply with indigenous design and IC" as per
Appendix D.

7. Intellectual Property Rights (IPRs). Intellectual Property Rights of Government
in "Make" projects is placed at Appendix B. Development Agency/ Agencies (DA/ DAs)
‘shall retain tile or ownership and all other rights in intellectual property generated during
the development of project. However, the Government shall have March-in rights under
which the Government can require the contractor to grant, or may itself grant license for,
inter alia, for the following reasons: -

(2) Where health and safety requirements require the Government to act in
public interest.

(b) For National Security Reasons.

(©) To meet requirements for public use not reasonably satisfied by the
contractor.

(@) For failure of the contractor to substantially manufacture the products
‘embodying the subject invention in India.

(€) _ Forfaiture of the contractor to comply with any of the requirements laid down
Under these guidelines

8. Foreign Collaboration. If the DA(s) collaborate(s) with a foreign firm as a
technology provider in a certain technology area for the project, the nature of such
collaboration and the technology areas being transferred must be clearly stated in the
response. The contribution of the Indian industry in acquiring, developing and indigenising
critical technologies shall be one of the key criteria in assessment of various proposals.
Transfer of Technology guidelines as enumerated in Appendix F to Schedule | to Chapter
of DAP 20 are to referred for additional references,

8. Inspection. No component or any sub system of indigenous development of
Combined Indicator of Integrated Stand-by Instrument System (ISIS) shall be
subjected to any type of inspection or audit by any Foreign Govt or Agency without prior
approval of MoD, Govt of India.

10. Audit and Supply Chain. A trusted supply chain that will include the engineering
‘Support requirements would be established for all components of indigenous development
of Combined Indicator of integrated Stand-by Instrument System (ISIS). All
documents related to the ‘indigenous design development and manufacture of Combined
Indicator of Integrated Stand-by Instrument System (ISIS) project are liable to be
audited by Indian Govt or its nominated agency.

11. Blacklisting. Detailed information about blacklisting ofthe company! consortium
partners and foreign technology partner by any Govt Agency in India/ any other country
would be provided as part of he response, Companies cuenty blaclsted by any

for | Any such information not disclosed
paresis ee tie sage oat nario ce ccnesner tangas ertaner
participation

12. Time frames_and critical activities. The important time frames and cttical
activities for the project ‘indigenous design development and manufacture of Combined
Indicator of Integrated Stand-by Instrument System (ISIS) ae as folows: -

On


3

Ser Activity

(0) | Fol Response submission 8
(c) _ Eol Response Evaluation 6
()__ Issue of Project Sanction Order 2
(e) | Protoiype Development including 0

certification by CEMILAC 104 weeks
(f)_ | Single stage composite trials (24 months)

(0) | Acceptance oft

[toy | Conversion of PSORS to SARs

{thy [Issue

Lo
iL

i

| Sigr
Milestones of the Project.

(a) Evaluation of Eol Responses. Eo! responses will be evaluated in
accordance with assessment parameters and evaluation criteria as given in Part Vi

& Vilof this Eol. All the shortlisted companies will be called Development Agencies
(DAs). Project shall be progressed ahead even if only one Eol respondent is found
meeting the eligibility erteria.

(©) Project Sanction Order. PFT will issue Project Sanction Order for the
development of prototype with Nil financial implication for indian Navy/ MoD. In
‘case of ony single vendor having offered the prototype within timelines stipulated
jin the Project Sanction Order, not more than two-time extensions will be accorded
and thereafter the case willbe progressed as resultant Single Vendor Case (SVC).

(©) Design and Development of Prototype. PFT will act as the primary
interface between the Indian Navy and the industry during the design and
development stage under Make-II subcategory projects and facilitate the following:-

(0) Finalisation of trial methodology.

(@) Provision of requisite professional inputs/ documentation to industry
wherever feasible/ available with IN.

(ii) Providing clarifications related to functional or operational aspects of
the equipment under development, as may be sought by the DAs from time
to time, during the design and development of prototype.

(@) Single Stage Composite Trials. User trials would be carried out by the
Indian Navy to validate the performance of the system, against the parameters/
specifications approved, after the development of prototype. Indian Navy will
formulate the trial directives and constitute the Trial Team. The ‘tial directive’ wil
‘specify the fundamental points that need to be addressed for validating the
‘essential’ parameters. The validation of the support system and maintainability
trials, integral to and complimenting the trial programme of the defence equipment!
upgrades! product! system will be held simultaneously, wherever feasible. The user
can recommend modification to the system for ease of handling and its
‘maintainability. Based on the User Trials, the Indian Navy would carry out a Staff
Evaluation, which gives the compliance of the demonstrated performance of the
‘equipment vis-a-vis the SQRs. On acceptance of Staff evaluation report, the SQRs
shall from the basis for the ‘Buy (Indian-IDDM) category of acquisition. If the
prototype of only a single firmiindividual clears the trials will be progressed as
resultant single vendor.

(€)* Finalisation of SERs. PFT wil facials the finalisation of SE Rs based on
inputs from the Development Agencies (DAS) during the development stage, prior
to commencement of user trials. The SQRs of the equipment would thereafter be a
part of the trial directives, and only the essential parameters as detailed in the SORs
wil be tested

()__ Solicitation of Commercial Offers. A commercial ‘Request for Proposal’

(RFP) for ‘Buy (Indian-IDDMY' phase, will be issued to all DAs for submission of
their commercial offer prior to commencement of User tials.

(9) Award of Contract. Commercial Offers of only those vendors will be
‘opened whose equipment has been short-listed consequent to Staff Evaluation and
the L1 bidder would be determined based on the provisions of the Commercial RFP
‘and awarded the contract for manufacture.

14, Once the prototype is successfully validated, fifty (50) such systems shall be
procured by MoD, Govt of india under ‘Buy (IDDM) category. Delivery of
‘indigenous design development and manufacture of Combined Indicator of Integrated
‘Stand-by Instrument System (ISIS) shall be in a phased manner.

15. Other successful development agencies that have developed the prototype
‘successfully but have not qualified as L1, would be issued a certificate by DDP indicating
thal product/ system has been successfully trial evaluated.

16. Multiple Technological Solutions. Not Applicable.

PARTI!
TECHNICAL Rt

47, The Technical requirements from the project are as per Preliminary Staff Qualitative
requirements (PSQRs). Considering the confidentiality of system ISIS, the PSRs will be
issued to the interested firms only post signing of Non- Disclosure Agreement (NDA).

PART lll
CRITICAL TECHNOLOGY AREAS

18. The capabilty assessment of the Development Agencies (DAs) will largely depend
‘on their ability to design and develop critical technologies like inertial navigation system,
‘control systems, high performance batteries, charging systems, software, transducer,
power amplifiers, associated electronics and the ability to absorb the same if obtained from
any other agency. It is imperative that the project attains a higher technological threshold
‘and minimises the dependence on foreign technology partners. The contfibution of the
Indian industry in acquiring and developing technologies in critical areas shall b
key criterion in assessment of the proposal.

19, The assessment of critical technologies for the project “Indigenous development of
Combined Indicator of integrated Stand-by Instrument System (ISIS)' offered by the
DA(s)/ Consortium must be supported with all Rights and Licenses (IPR) as mentioned at
Appendix B.

PARTIV
GUIDELINES FOR FORMATION OF
ASSOCIATION OF PERSONS (AOP) OR CONSORTIUM

20. Where an AoP/ Group of Eol recipients (‘Consortium’) comes together to
implement the project in accordance with the mechanisms outlined under Para 18 above,
there must exist, at the time of responding to Eol, an ‘Association of Persons (AoP)
Agreement to form an AoP ie. Consortium to execute and implement the complete
“Make” project.

21. Where the Eol Respondent is an AoP/ Consortium, it shall, while responding to the
ol, comply with the following additional requirements: -

(@) Number of members in a consortium shall not exceed 05 (five).

(b) The Eol Response should contain requisite information for each member of
the AoP/ Consortium.

of the AoP/ Consortium shall nominate one member as the Lead
ead Member")

(©) Men
‘Member (the "I

() The Eol Response should include a description of the roles and
responsibilities of individual members, particularly with reference to production
‘arrangements in India and R&D activities for which IPRs will vest with MoD as per
Appendix B.

(e) _Anindividual Eo! respondent cannot at the same time be member of an AoP/
Consortium responding to the Eol. Further, a member of a particular responding
‘AoP/ Consortium cannot be member of any other Consortium responding to the
Eol

() Members of the AoP/ Consortium shall enter into a legally binding
‘Agreement, substantially in the form specified at Appendix C for the purpose of
responding to the Eol. The Agreement to be submitted along with the Eo!
Response, shall, inter alia

()_ Form'the basis for the AoP members to enter into a contract and
perform all the obligations of the Development Agency in terms of the
contract, in case a development contract to undertake the "Make" Project is
awarded to the Consortium;

(i) Clearly outine the proposed roles and responsibilities, if any, of each
member,

(ill) Include a statement to the effect that members of the AoP/
Consortium shall be liable jointly and severally for all obligations of the
development agency in relation to the "Make" Project as required under
these Guidelines.

Change in Membership of s Consortium

Change in the composition of an AoP/ Consortium will not be permitted after the

submission of Eol responses until the award of a Development Contract for Prototype
Development.

23, Where the Eol Respondent is an AoP/ Consortium, change in the composition of a
Consortium AoP may be permitted by the Authority after the award of a development
‘contract only where: -

(2) _ The Lead Member continues to be the Lead Member of the AoP/ Consortium
and shall not be changed under any circumstances;

(b) The non-ead substitute member(s) shall continue to meet eligibility criteria
for membership of an AoP/ Consortium:

() The new Member(s) expressly adopt(s) the Eol Response and the
Development Contract already made on behalf of the AoP/ Consortium as if they
‘were a party to it originally and is/are not a Member of any other Consortium short-
listed for the "Make" Project, while undertake the joint and several or joint liabilities
(as applicable) of the member itthey are replacing,

24. Any change in the composition of an AoP/ Consortium shall require prior approval
of MoD/ DOP.

25. The approval to such changes shall be at the sole discretion of MoD/ DDP and must
bbe approved by them in writing for the approval to take effect.

28. The’ modified AoP/Consortium/ Partnars shail submit a revised “Association of
Persons Agreement.

Miscellaneous Provisions

27. Any Violation of any of the guidelines by any company shall render it liable to
initiation of proceedings for suspension andlor banning of business dealings as per the
‘Guidelines for Putting on Hold, Suspension, Debarment and any other penal action on the
Entities dealing with the Ministry of Defence, as promulgated by Goverment from time to
time, will be applicable on procurement process and bidders.

1"

PARTY
ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA

28. Indian entity satisfying all of the following criteria shall be considered as eligible
‘Indian Vendor for issue of Eol by the PFT:

(a) _AniIndian entity, which could include incorporation, ownership models as per
Companies Act, Partnership Firm, Proprietorship and other types of ownership
‘models including societies as per relevant laws, complying with, besides other types
of ownership models including societies as per relevant laws, complying with,
besides other regulations in force, and the guidelinestlicensing laws complying with
besides other regulations requirements stipulated by the Department for promotion
of industry and intemal trade (DPIIT) as applicable.

(b) Ownership_by Resident Indian Further, a company is
‘considered ‘owned’ by resident Indian Citizens if more than fity percgnt (50%) of
the capita in itis directly of beneficially owned by Resident Indian Citizens and/or
Indian Companies, which are ultimately owned and controlled by resident Indian
Citizens. This implies that the maximum permitted Foreign Direct Investment (FD!)
shall be fourty nine (49%). No Pyramiding of FDI in Indian holding companies or in
Indian entities subscribing to shares or securities of the Applicant Company or the
Strategic partner shall be permitted. Indirect foreign investment shall be accounted
{or in counting the fourty nine (49%) FDI.

© resident Indi (s) (as in
2013). ‘Control’ shall include the right to appoint majority of the directors or to
Control the management or policy decisions including virtue of their shareholding or
‘management rights or shareholders agreements or voting agreements.

(d)___ Start-ups recognised by the Department of Industrial Policy & Promotion
(DIPP) and registered on start-up India portal under Industry domain as
‘Aeronautics/Aerospace & Defence and under the categories as Engineering and
Manufacturing

29. This Eol is being published on MoD/ DDP website inviting Company (ies) to
Participate in the “Make-lI" Project. The Eol is also issued to the DAs) who have indicated
wilingness to participate in the Development of ‘indigenous design development and
manufacture of Combined Indicator of Integrated Stand-by Instrument System (ISIS)
‘since hosting of the requirements on ‘www. makeinindiadefence.com" and/ or firms which
Participated in Feasibility Study.

ASSESSMENT PARAMETERS

30. The assessment of the EO! responses would be based on the Technical Capability
‘Assessment criteria only. There will be no Commercial and Financial criteria,

(a) Technical Capability Criteria

31. Financial and Commercial Assessment Criteria. NA

32. Technical Capability Criteria. The project indigenous development of Combined
Indicator of Integrated Stand-by Instrument System (ISIS) is @ system which will
require sound knowledge of LCD Display technologies, pressure sensors, acceleration
‘sensors, aircraft instrumentation wrt air speed indicators and mach indicators etc. The
developed ISIS shall be compatibje with existing magnetometer and interfacing should be
undertaken. The contribution of the DA in acquiring and developing technologies in critical
‘areas shall be an important criterion in assessment of the proposal. The respondents to
this Eol are required to Yumish information about their technical ‘capabilties as per
Appendix E.

EVALUATION CRITE! |ENT PARAMETERS
33. Evaluation Criteria for All Entities. The response to this Eol will be evaluated

based on the assessment parameters given at Appendix E to identify Companies!
Consortia with proven Technical strengths.

(a) Technical Capability Criteria.

34, The assessment would be done based on following parameter

(@) Financial and Commercial Criteria. NA
(b) Technical Capability Criteria. Since it is @ project associated with
development of avionics system for aircraft, meticulous compliance of QT checks
‘and subsequent certification by CEMILAC would be a criteria for ground and fight
{tials of the prototype. Domain Expertise in the following fields is desirable: -

{Design and development of avionics system.

(i) LCDY communication technologies.

el

©

(iy

Integration of various technologies

DA shall have and maintain a Quality Management System compliant with

‘AS9100 series or equivalent certified by a Certification body and shall provide on
request with the copies of all its certificates/ approvals obtained. DA should have
airworthiness qualification testing (Hardware and Software) experience and

obtained system certification of at least one airborne system for military aircraft

35. MoD, Govt of India reserves the right to disqualify a respondenl/ consortium if he!
they fail to comply with specific criteria at any stage of the evaluation process by the PFT.

No amendment) change in response to Eol_will be accepted under _any
circumstances once the Eol response is submitted

Note. Details regarding proposed expenditure/ establishment of facilities/ lab etc,
are liable to be included in the contract in case the Company/ Consortium get
shortlisted for development of ‘indigenous design development and manufacture

of Combined Indicator of integrdted Stand-by Instrument System (ISIS).”

Note 2. Company! Consortium giving False/ Misleading information will be barred
{from participation in the project ‘indigenous design development and manufacture
‘of Combined indicator of integrated Stand-by Instrument System (ISIS).

36. Following documents are required to be submitted by EO! respondents: -

Pi

PART Vit
DOCUMENTS TO BE SUBMITTED BY EO! RESPONDENTS

Ser Tovie Reference
(@) | Certification Of — Indigenous | Annexure Tot Appendix A
Content
(b) | Association “of “Persons (AoP) | Appendix C, if applicable 1
Agreement
(@|Underiaking to comply with Appendix D
indigenous design.
(d) | Technical Capability Assessment | Appendix E
Criteria
(e) | Information Performa Appendix F ~
| Centiicate [Appendix & J
{g)__| Project Report Appendix H


d

14

37. The EO! respondents shall submit three (03) copies of response to EOI, clearly
‘one copy as ‘Original Copy’ and the remaining two as ‘Copy No 2 and 3°. The
respondents are also required to submit a soft copy of the response to EO! in a CD/ DVD
in PDF format and in word format. n the event of any discrepancy between the content in
copies of documents submitted, the contents in the ‘original copy’ shall govern’ prevail
Each page of the response will bear the signatures of the authorised signatory of the
‘Company! Lead Member in a Consortium.

38. Guidelines for Sut Ee ses.

(a) The responses should be submitted strictly as per the formats given in
respective appendices. Should a Vendor! Consortium need to mention any other
Information, a separate column may be added as the last column only.

(b) All response appendices should be submitted in a single file or folder
‘Suppprting documents or additional reference should be submitted in @ separate
folder with proper reference mentioned against each parameter or sub parameter
in respective appendices.

(©) Any supporting document! evidence without any reference to specific
parameter of criteria will not form part of the assessment.

39. The envelopes shall be addresses as under: -

‘Secretary, PFT
Project, (S18)

Directorate of Air Projects and Plans (DAPP)
Naval Headquarters:

Room No 511, ‘D’ Block

Defence Officers Complex, Africa Avenue,
New Delhi 110023,

Tele 011-26771521
FaxNo — 011-26771388
Email dapp@navy.gov.in

40. The response to this Eol must be submitted by rs on 2024 at the
address mentioned above.

41. A Company! Consortium can submit only one response to this Eol. If a company
‘submits more than one response, then all responses of the Company will be rejected and
the Company! Consortium, to which the Company belongs, would not be assessed further.

18

42. MoD, Govt of India at its discretion can extend this deadiine for the submission of
responses to Eol and the same shall be notified in writing.

PART IX

QUERIES AND CLARIFICATIONS

43. Following aspects will govern the procedure for queries and clantications:-

(2) Companies/ Consortium may submit written queries! clarification!
amplifications on specific issues by_ 2024 Consolidation and examination
of the queries received will be carried out by the PFT and clarification will be given
to all the industries during the pre-response meeting,

() Pre-Response Meeting. A pre-respoyse meeting is scheduled on
2024 at __. _ hrs at location as indicated in Para 39 to clarify the issue/
queries raised to facilitate submission of response.

(c) If deemed necessary, a written reply may be given to all respondents after
the meeting.

ART X

MISCELLANEOUS

44. This Eol Is being invited with no financial commitment on part of the Govt. of India
MoD. Govt of India reserves the right to withdraw or change or vary any part thereof at any
‘stage. MoD, Govt of India also reserves the right to disqualify any company should it be
‘so necessary at any stage on grounds of national security

45. — Respondent/ consortium would be disqualified if they make false, incorrect, or
‘misleading claims in their response to this Eol. A certificate as per the format at
‘Appendix G would be furnished as part of the response, including respective consortium
partners, where applicable.

46. DAs shall provide regular update to PFT either in person, through VC or through
actual factory! workshop visit atleast once every 03 months to ascertain the actual
progress of the case.

Note. The above guidelines are to be read in conjunction with the guidelines under
Chapter il and Chapter Ill of DAP 20

}

th 1
(P Vinayagam)
Commodore
Chairman, PFT
Project, (ISIS)

Enclosure, Appendix ’A'to . .

Distribution. Shortlisted vendors and Hosted on DOP website (without PSQRs),

Note. Vendor downloading Eo! from DDP website requested to contact DAPP as
per Para 39 (Fax or email only) for copy of PSQRs by _. Entities will be issued
Eol post execution of Non-Disclosure Agreement (NDA) and Approval of PFT.
Format for NDA will be issued to interested vendors post receipt of firm request
from Vendor.

Appendix A
{Refers to

INDIGENOUS CONTENT ASPECTS

Definitions

1. “indigenous Content’ (IC) for an equipment or an item shall be arrived at by
‘excluding from the total cost of that equipment/item the following elements at all stages
(tiers) of manufacturing/production/assembly.

(@) Direct costs (including freighvtransportation and insurance) of all materials,
‘components, sub-assemblies, assemblies and products imported into India,

(©) Qirect and Indirect costs of all services obtained from non-Indian entities!
citizens,

(©) _Allllicense fees, royalties, technical fees and other fees/payments of this
nature paid out of India, by whatever term/phrase referred to in contracts!
agreements made by vendors/sub-vendors.

(@) Taxes, duties, cesses, octroi and any other statutory levies in India of this
nature

2. Further, ‘on cost basis for ‘Buy (Indian IDDM)’ cases, shall imply the IC is required
‘as specified under Para 8 and 21 of Chapter | of DAP 2020 read with additional specific
requirements in this regard, if any, mentioned in the EOI.

Reporting Requirements

3. _ IC as defined in Para 1 and 2 above shall be mandatorily reported by all stages
(tiers) of manufacturing! production’ assembly to their higher stages (tiers). All stages
(tiers) are required to aggregate indigenous content based on certifications and inputs
from lower tiers, as well as on the basis of their own procurement actions and
‘manufacturing activities undertaken. The final aggregation of IC shall be undertaken by
the prime (main) contractor with whom an acquisition contract Is signed by the
Ministry/SHQ.

4. All contracts, sub-contracts, agreements and MoUs made by prime (main)
contractors (and their lower tier suppliers/vendors) with their business partners/ suppliers,
insofar as these contracts, agreements or MoUs relate to the main acquisition contract,
shall mandatorily incorporate the definition and reporting requirements for IC in terms of
Para 3. Similarly, these business partners/suppliers shall sequentially incorporate these
definitions and reporting requirements with their next levels of business partners/suppliers
‘and So on, tl the lowest tier in the manufacturing/production/assembly chain.

Audit

5. The Ministry of Defence can exercise its right to conduct an auait ofall certifications
‘and costs relevant to IC at all or any stages (ters) of manufacturing/production/assembly,
starting from the prime (main) contractor downwards. The audi(s) could be conducted by
the Ministry itself andior by an agency/institution/officer(s) nominated by the Ministry, as
‘may be decided by the Ministry

6 ‘All contracts, sub-contracts, agreements and MoUs made by prime (main)
contractors (and their lower tier suppliers/vendors) with their business partners/suppliers,
insofar'as these contracts, agreements or MoUs relate to the main acquisition contract,
‘shall mandatorily incorporate the right of Ministry of Defence to conduct an audit in terms
of Para 5. Similarly, these business partners/suppliers shall sequentially incorporate these
definitions and reporting requirements with their next levels of business partners/suppliers
and s0 on, tl the lowest tier in the manufacturingiproduction/assembly chain.

Certification

7. _Allrolevant deliveries made under contract shall be accompanied by a certificate of
IC issued by the Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Al final deliveries under contract shall be
accompanied, in addition to the certificate issued by the CFO of the prime (main)
contractor as aforesaid, by its Company Auditor's certificate. An Indigenisation Plan for
Buy (Indian-IDDM), Buy (Indian), Buy & Make (Indian) and Buy & Make cases will be
required to be submitted by the vendor to meet the requirement of IC as specified in Para
6 to 9 of Chapter lof DAP20. Further, the equipment offered for trial shall be accompanied
with a certificate of IC issued by the CFO of the prime (main) bidder. The format for
ccortfication of IC by the CFO/Company Auditor shall be as per Annexure to this
Appendix.

8 Final payments shall be released only afer the submission of a certificate of IC
furnished by the CFO of the prime (main) contractor and a certificate from its Company
‘Auditor, in addition to any other requirements specified elsewhere in the DPP or in the
contract.

9 Deliveries at each stage of contract must conform to IC requirements and
Categorization relevant to that particular stage The Performance-cum-Warranty Bank
Guarantee shall not be released before completing an audit of the IC in all relevant
deliveries by the Ministry or its nominated agency/institutionvofficer(s), if such an audit is
ordered.

Withholding of Payments and Imposition of Penalties

10. _ Incase a particular delivery is deficient in achieving mandatory IC for that stage, an
amount of 5% of the cost of that stage delivery shall be withheld from payment for that
stage. However, if the vendor achieves the mandatory IC on a cumulative basis by the
next stage of delivery, the amount so withheld shall be released to the vendor without
interest. All such payments withheld above shall be forfeited upon failure to achiove
required IC by the stage of last delivery of the relevant product. In addition, the
Performance-cum Warranty Bank Guarantee shall also be forfeited upon failure to
discharge IC obligations as per contfact.

11. _ Incase mandatory IC.is not achieved by a vendor and/or if a false certificate is
furnished by a vendor/sub-vendor, the Ministry can initiate proceedings for banning or
‘suspension of business dealings with the erring Indian vendor/sub-vendor and its allied
firms for all future contracts for a period upto 5 years. This right can be exercised by the
Ministry at any point of time; and initiation of banning or suspension proceedings, if
‘ordered, shall be in addition to any other action that may be takervordered by the Ministry
against the erring vendor/sub-vendor under any law(s) in force.

‘Miscellaneous

12. In the event of non-incorporation of the definitions and/or audit requirements laid
‘down under Para 1 to 6 in contracts or agreements vendors with next tier at any stage
(tier) of manufacturing/production/assembly, it shall be presumed that tems/services
provided by that stageltier to the next (tier) have no IC for the purposes of the DPP.
‘Similarly, in the event of non-certfication of IC at any stage (tier) as required herein, it shall
bbe presumed that items/services provided by that stagefier to the next stage (tier) have
‘no IC forthe purposes of the DPP. in such cases, the Ministry of Defence can take any of
the steps under Para 7 to 11 above against erring vendors/sub-vendors.

Annexure | to Appendix A
FORMAT FOR CERTIFICATION OF INDIGENOUS CONTENT

This is to certify that we, ______ (Name of Prime/Main Vendor) have
achievediare offering the following IC in the accompanying delivery under
Contractequipment being offered for trials/prototype, as defined under the Defence
Procurement Procedure and as required under the RFP/ContracVEo! (tick whichever is
applicable) No. dated

Signed by.
‘Responsible Designated Official’ « . ‘Seal of Vendor —-
-———{Name of Vendor) Date:
AUDITOR'S CERTIFICATE
We (legal name of Verification Firm) _. established in

__ (Full address) represented for signature ofthis Verification
Certificate by
(Name and designation of Authorised Representative), hereby certify that ~

‘The above mentioned Indigenous Content (IC) proforma has been examined and all
cchecks of the supporting documentation and accounting records deemed necessary were
carried out in order to obtain reasonable assurance that, in our opinion, based on our
Verification, the Indigenous Content percentage % (in numbers and words)
reflected in the above mentioned proforma has been achieved by

(Name of Vendor) during the manufacture of (Name of Equipment)

Centiied by:

‘Statutory Auditor/ Cost Auditor/Certified or Seal of Verification Firm
Licensed Cost Accountant / Chartered Accountant

(as applicable) Date:

(Name /Name of Firm)

Membership Number / Registration Number

a

Appendix B
{Refers to Para 7, 19, 21(d)

Intellectual Property Rights (IPRs)
DA shall retain title or ownership and all other rights in intellectual property generated
during the development of project. However, the Government shall have ‘March-in rights’
under which the Government can ask the contractor to grant, or may itself grant license
for, inter alia, the following reasons: -

(2) Where health and safety requirements so require the Government to act in public
intorest.

(b) For National Security Reasons.
(©) To meet requirements for public use not reasonably satisfied by the contractor.

(2) For fallure of the contractor to substantially manufacture the products embodying
the subject invention in india or

(@) For failure of the contractor to comply with any of the requirements laid down
Under these guidelines.

Appendix C
Refers to Para 21(f), 31 & 36(b)

ILLUSTRATIVE: ‘ASSOCIATION OF PERSONS AGREEMENT:

‘THIS ASSOCIATION OF PERSONS (AOP) AGREEMENT is entered into on this the day
of 20.

AMONGST
14 Limited, a company incorporated under the Companies Act) and
having its registered office at (hereinafter referred to as the "First Part” which

‘expression shall, unless repugnant to the context include its successors and permitted
assigns) 7

‘AND

24 ..». Limited, a company incorporated under the Companies Act) and having its
registered office at (hereinafter referred to as the "Second Part’ which expression shall,
Unless repugnant to the context include its successors and permitted assigns)

3. {u.n» Limited, a company incorporated under the Companies Act and having its
registered office at (hereinafter referred to as the "Third Part" which expression shall,
unless repugnant to the context include its successors and permitted assigns)}

‘AND

4h Limited, a company incorporated under the Companies Act and having its
registered office at (hereinafler referred to as the "Fourth Part” which expression shall,
unless repugnant to the context include its successors and permitted assigns)}The above
‘mentioned parties of the FIRST, SECOND, {THIRD and FOURTH} PART are collectively
referred to as the "Parties" and each is individually referred to as a “Party”

WHEREAS,

(@) The Ministry of Defence, Government of India (hereinafter referred to as the “Buyer”
‘which expression shall, unless repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, include its
administrators, successors and assigns) has invited responses (the “responses")o its
Expression of Interest No........ dated. (the "Eol") for shortlisting of bidders for
development of- Project (the "Project").


(b) The Parties are interested in jointly bidding for the Project as an Association of
Persons (“AoP") in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Eol document and
‘other documents in respect of the Project and

(©) It's a necessary condition under the Eol document that the members of the AoP
shall enter into an Association of Persons Agreement and furnish a copy thereof with
the Response.

NOW ITIS HEREBY AGREED as follows:-

1. Definitions and Interpretations. In this Agreement, the capitalized terms shall,
unless the context otherwise requires, have the meaning ascribed thereto under the Eol.

2. Association of Persons/Consortium.

(2) The” Parties do hereby irrevocably coristitute an Association of
Persons/consortium (the “Consortium") for the purposes of jointly participating in
the bidding process for the Make Project and executing and implementing the
‘complete "Make" project upto the completion of the Production Phase or any
subsequent Lifecycle Support or technology Refresh/Upgrade Contract that MoD
places on the Lead Member of AoP before completion of the Warranty Period,
whichever is later.

() The Parties hereby undertake to participate in the "Make" Project only
through this AoP Agreement and not individually and/or through any other
‘AoP/consortium constituted for this Project, either directly or indirectly or through
any of their Associates.

3. Covenants. The Parties hereby undertake that in the event the AoP is deciared the
‘selected Development Agency and awarded the project, the parties shall enter into a
Contract with the Buyer for performing all its obligations as the Development Agency in
terms of the contract for the Project.

4. Role of the Parties. The Parties hereby undertake to perform the roles and
responsibilities as described below: -

(2) Party of the First Part shall be the Lead member of the Consortium for and
‘on behalf of the Consortium during the bidding process and until the Appointed Date
under the Contract.

(b) Party of the Second Part shall be responsible for


(©) Party of the Third Part shall be responsible for
(8) Party of the Fourth Part shall be responsible for

5. Joint and Several Liabilities. The Parties do hereby undertake to be jointly and
severally responsible for all obligations and liabilities relating to the Project and in
accordance with the terms of the Eol and subsequently in accordance with the
development contract, if and when awarded.

6 Lead Member. Without prejudice to the joint and several liabilties of the parties,
‘each party agrees that it shall communicate with the MoD in matters of the Eol and the
Development and Production Contract, as applicable through the Lead Member and the
‘Buyer shall be entitled to communicate with such Lead Member as the representative of
all the members. Each party agrees and acknowledges that:-

(a) The Lead Member shail take prior written consent by all participating AoP
members before sending afly communication régarding a dacision {including
without limitation, any waiver or consent), action or omission, before communicating
the same to MoD. The AoP Members shall send their responses to the Lead
Member and ensure that stipulated timelines of MoD are met with by the Lead
Member;

and;

(b) Any decision (including without limitation, any waiver or consent), action,
‘omission communicated by the Lead Member on any matters related to the
Contract shall be deemed to have been on its behalf and shall be binding on it. The
Buyer shall been titled to rely upon any such action, decision or communication
from the Lead Member,

and;

(©) Any notice, communication, information or documents to be provided to the
Development Agency shall be delivered to the authorised representative of the
Development Agency (as designated pursuant to the Contract) and any such notice,
‘communication, information or documents shall be delivered to all the Parties by
the Lead Member.

7. oP Bank Account/ Payments. The Parties will open a separate single bank
account (“AoP Account’) for payments to be received from the Buyer in the name of the
‘AoP which account shall be operated jointly by all the AoP members. Each of the Parties
shail raise separate invoices on Buyer, which will be presented to the Buyer by the Lead
Member under a Covering Letier. The Buyer shall make the payment(sjito the designated
‘AOP account and the Buyer shall not in any manner be responsible or Kable forthe inter
‘80 allocation of payments, works etc. among the Parties. Disbursal ofthe amount lying in

25

the AoP account to each of the Parties shall be made directly to such Party, from the AoP
‘Account. Each Party shall be responsible for ensuring the Invoice and the accompanying
documentation is complete and accurate,

8

81

Representation of the Parties
Each Party represents to the other Parties as of the date of this Agreement that:-

(a) Such Party is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of its incorporation in india and has all requisite power and authority to enter
in to this Agreement;

(b) The execution, delivery and performance by such Party of this Agreement
hhas been authorized by all necessary and appropriate corporate or governmental
action and a copy of the extract of the charter documents and board
resolution/power of attorney in favour of the person executing this Ag for
tha delegation of power and authority to execute this Agreement on behalf of the
Consortium Member is annexed to this Agreement and will not, to the best of its
knowledge:-

(Require any consent or approval not already obtained;

(i) Violate any Applicable Law presently in effect and having applicability
toit;

(ii) Violate the memorandum and articles of association, by-laws or other
applicable organizational documents thereof;

(iv) Violate any clearance, permit, concession, grant, icense or other
‘governmental authorization, approval, judgment, order or decree or any
‘mortgage agreement, indenture or any other instrument to which such Party
is a party or by which such Party or any ofits properties or assets are bound
or that is otherwise applicable to such Party; or

(W) Create or impose any liens, mortgages, pledges, claims, security
interests, charges or Encumbrances or obligations to create a lien, charge,
pledge, secunty interest, encumbrances or mortgage in or on the property of
‘such Party, except for encumbrances that would not, individually oF in the
aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or
prospects or business of such Party so as in all matters before the Buyer,
signing and execution of all contracts and undertakings consequent to
acceptance of the Consortium’s proposal and generally dealing with the
Buyer in all matters in connection with or relating or arising out of the Project.

9

26

Termination. This Agreement shall be effective from the date hereof and shall

Continue in full force and effect until completion of the Make project and in accordance with
the contract, in case the Project is awarded to the Consortium. However, in case the
Consortium is either not prequalified for the Project or does not get selected for the award

of the

Project, the Agreement will stand terminated or upon retum of the Bid Security, if

any, by the Buyer to the Bidder, as the case may be. Upon completion of the Development
Contract, this Agreement may be terminated by the Parties upon written mutual consent,
if the AOP fails to win Contract from MoD, during the implementation of the ‘Buy (Indian-
IDDM) Project.

10.

IN Wi

Miscellaneous.
(a) This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of India.

(©) Inythe event of a dispute, the Parties shall attempt to amicably resolve the
‘same, failing which the dispute shall be referred to arbitration whichshall be
resolved in accordance with the Arbitration & Conciliation Act, 1996. The venue for
dispute resolution shall be New Delhi, India. The arbitration proceedings shall be
conducted in English language. The arbitration award shail be final and binding
upon the Parties.

(c) The Parties acknowledge and accept that this Agreement shall not be amended
by the Parties without the prior written consent of the Buyer.

TH NAMED.

DELIVE! :EMENT AS OF \TE FIRST. N.

‘SIGNED, SEALED AND DELIVERED For and on behaif of Lead Member

by:

(Signature)
(Name)
(Designation)
(Address)

SIGNED, SEALED AND DELIVERED For and on behalf of SECOND PART

(Signature)
(Name)
(Designation)
(Address)

SIGNED, SEALED AND DELIVERED For and on behalf of THIRD PART

(Signature)
(Name)
(Designation)
(Address)

SIGNED, SEALED AND DELIVERED For and on behaif of FOURTH PART

(Signature)
(Name)
(Designation)
(Address)

In the presence of (witness):

Appendix D
(Refer to Para 6 of Eol)

UNDERTAKING TO COMPLY WITH INDIGENOUS DESIGN

we, ("Name of Vendor’), do hereby certify, undertake and confirm that:

1. The Design of
response tothe RFPNo___dated
Indian entity.

(Named Product’), as claimed by us in
‘owned partly or wholly by us/by an

2. Further, we confirm that the Design of the Named Product, as claimed by us, has
not been licensed from a foreign third party except for standard software licences such
‘as, but not limited to OS / Database / (Strikeout / Specify as applicable),

3. The ownership of the Design, as claimed by us, enables us to manufacture, realise,
sell, provide Thrugh Life Support, mBdify and upgrade thé Named Product witout any
encumbrances, except @8 specified below: (If any form of encumbrances exist on the
product or any ofits subsystems these should be elaborated here)

4. We further claim that we own the following Intellectual Property (IP) Rights in
‘elation to the design of the Named Product: (Specify any Patents, Registration of Designs,
if any, held by the Vendor)

5. We also undertake to permit MoD/MoD appointed Specialists Committee, to
inspect! carry out technical verification at our premises of the applicable documents, such
as Design Reports, Drawings, Specifications, Software Documents & Codes, Gerber files,
‘etc, as may be reasonably necessary and required to prove the above claim of ownership
of the Design of the Named Product. (Examination on site at company's premises only.
Documents, in any form, are not be sought nor required to be submitted for examination
‘outside the Company's premises)

6. Failure on our part to prove the ownership of the Design of the Named Product by
us/by an Indian entity or submission of any false undertaking or claim as indicated in the
response at any post contract stage of the intended procurement may make us lable to
{forfeiture of the PWBG to the extent of any direct losses or damages suffered by the MoD
{as a consequence of such false undertaking or failure to prove the owmership of the
Design,

TECHNICAL CAPABILITY ASSESSMENT CRITERIA

Name of the vendor -
SL Griteria and Sub- Criteria
No

[(@) | The company should demonstrate
| domain expertise in the field of
avionics design and ability to
implement critical technology related
to LCD and associated components
of product being developed

| acceptance —_to.-—undertake
Qualification Tests and obtain
CEMILAC certification for alrbome
|_| avionics equipment being developed
towards facilitating ground and fight
trials on aircraft

|(®) [Design approval Expertise’ |

Appendix E
Refers to Para 32, 33, 36(d))

ndor Submissions

Partner 1

Partner 2

(© | Qualified team working in the area of
avionics design, implementation and
integration.

(@ |Past experience in design and
development of avionics systems.
DA should have airworthiness.
qualification testing (Hardware and
Software) experience and obtained
system certification of at least one
aitborne system for military aircraft

(@) | DA shall have and maintain a Quality
Management System compliant with
‘AS9100 series or equivalent certified
by a Certification Body and shall
provide on request with the copies of
all its certificates) approvals
obtained.

(© _| Infrastructure with availability of test
instruments to support testing and

oN


@

)

30

tuning of avionics systems being
developed
‘Availabilty of clean and dust free lab
environment. ms
‘Adequate availability or access to
certified labs to undertake | |
environmental tests being stipulated

for development of avionics systems
2s per MIL standards, | |

Place: Signature

Date:

‘Note 1. This case is earmarked for MSMEs only.

3

Refer to Para 36(e))

1. Name of the Company

2 Name of CEO with Designation

3. Address of the Registered Office

4 GIN

5. Address of the Factory/Factories

6 Company Website(s)

7. Date of Incorporation

8, Brief History of the Company

9. Category of industry (Large Scale/Medium Scale/Small Scale)

10. Nature of Corppany (Public Limited/Private Limited)

11. Shareholding pattern

12. Nature of Business (Please give broad product range against each)
(2) Manufacturer

(b) Trader

(©) Sole Selling or Authorised Agent
(2) Dealer

(e) Assembler

() Processor

(g) Re packer

(h) Service Provider
13, Details of Current Products

(2) Type/Description

(b) _Licensed/installed Capacity

(©) _ Annual Production for Preceding 3 Years
14. Details of Foreign Collaborations

(a) Product

(b) Name and Address of Collaborator

(©) Year of Collaboration

(d) Current Status of the Collaboration (whether expired or current)
15. Technology Received from Abroad and Assimilated
16. Technology Transfer MoUs Signed/Under Negotiation
17. Products Already Supplied

(@) To Indian ArmyiAir Force/Navy

(b) PSUs

(©) DRDO and its Laboratories

(@) Ordnance Factories

() Any other Defence Organisation


(f) Toother Principal Customers
18. Details of Registration Certification held (along with product details)

(a) DGQA
(b) DGAQA/DGNAI
(©) CEMILAC

(@) Deseo

(e) Other Defence Departments
(Other Government Department
19, Details of ISO Certification (Attach certificate, if any)
20. Details of PatentPR certificates (Attach certificate i any)
21. Details of Permanent Man Power (with the details of qualifications)
(2) Technical
(b) Administrative
22. Total Area of Factory
(2) Covesed (sq, mtrs)
(b) Uncovered (sq. mirs)
(6) _ Bonded Space Available (sq, mirs)
23, Details of Important Faciities available with Eo! respondent
(@) Production (including Heat Treatment, Dies, jigs and Fixtures)
() CAD, CAM, ROBOTS and Other Advanced Technology Tools
(©) Environmental Test Facilites.
(@) Toot Room, Metrology and Test Equipment and Facilites
24. Details of Developmental Faciities
(a) R&D Facilities Available
(b) Number of Technical Manpower
(©) Inspection and Quality Control of Raw Material, Components and
Finished Products.
(4) Assistance required from Central Agency/Agencies for
Testing/Calibration
(€) Laboratory and Drawing Office Facility
(f) Percentage of Total Turn-Over Spent on R&D during the Last Three
Years
28. Area of Interest for Future Expansion/Diversification
26. Future Plan (if any) In respect of Expansion Program, Installation of Additional
Machines/Test Facities
27. Integration capabilities for system-of-systems projects.
28. _Anyother Relevant information
29. Contact Details of the Executive Nominated to co-ordinate with the
Assessment Team (please provide telephone, mobile and e-mail address).

Appendix G
Refers to Para 36 (f) & 45)

CERTIFICATE

Itis certified that information submitted in the documents as part of the response
to Expression of Interest for Project ‘indigenous design development and manufacture
Combined Indicator of Integrated Stand-by instrument System (ISIS) is comect,
and complete in all respects. It is acknowiedged that the company and / or all
consortium members will be disqualified from further participation if any information
provided is found to be incorrect.

Signature with Company Seal

CompanyNot  CompanyNo2 CompanyNo3 Company No4

‘Company No 5

\

34

Appendix H
{Refers to Para 36{a))
FORMAT FOR PROJECT REPORT
1. Overview of the project
2. Compliance to PSAR.
3. Compliance to Environmental standards and QA aspects as elucidated in the

PSQRs. (Respondents may indicate if equipment/assemblies/assembly is being
supplied with any other QA standard! equivalent commercial standards).

._ 4. List of equipment/subcomponents, and assemblies proposed to be fitted on

‘indigenous design development and” manufacture of Combined Indicator “of
Integrated Stand-by Instrument System (ISIS)with details of following: -

(2) Indigenous / imported.
(b) __Milstandard or commercial standards
(©) Short brief on technical capabilities of equipment
5. Standards under which the ‘indigenous design development and manufacture of
Combined Indicator of Integrated Stand-by Instrument System (ISiS)will be
manufacturediested.

6. Acceptance of 102 weeks (24 MONTHS) as prototype development timeline
which includes CEMILAC certification and trials.

7. Source of Raw Material for the project
(a) Imported indigenous.
(b) Brief Description,
(©) Estimated CIF valve.

(2) Percentage FE content likely in prototype and final product.

35

8. Details of important facilites that will be employed in the project, including but not
limited to (specifically to be used for this project): -

(4) Production (including Heat Treatment, jigs and fixtures)

(©) CAD, CAM, robotics and other advanced technology tools,

() Environmental Test Facilities.

(9) Tool Room, Metrology and Test Equipment and Facilities,

(h) Types of Instruments, Make and Model, Date of Purchase,
9. _Indigenisation Criteria with specific reference to ‘indigenous design development
‘and manufacture of Combined Indicator of Integrated Stand-by Instrument System,
ASIS) project.

(a) Indigenous design capability.

(b) Indigenous manufacturing capability

(©) Indigenous content in percentage of total cost.

(a) %*age of proprietary items.

(€) Components to be manufactured indigenously.

() Components designed indigenously but likely to be manufactured abroad.

(G) Components likely to be procured from abroad along with country of origi.

(h) Methodology to build up on technologies and experience from current
project for new deliverables/upgrades.

10, Estimated timelines for various phases of prototype development, total timeframe
{or implementation of the project and cortical phases most susceptible to slippages.
‘Some Critical Activities and Milestones envisaged are as follows :- (respondent may

(@) Build specifications/design specifications.

36

(b) _Layout/ General Arrangement Drawing (wit detailed Bil of Material and
source)

(©) QAP procedure for equipment
(@) Placing of orders for all components and raw materials.
(e) Procurement of all critical raw materials.
(f) Assembly of entical sub-assemblies.
(9) Assembly of the complete prototype.
(h) Finalisation and Promulgation of Trial Directive.
(© tr¥emnal Testing and Trials.” ° .
{k) Environmental Testing and trials,
(0) ‘Submission of certifcation/studies as required
(m) Prototype trials
(f) Preliminary Design Review (PDR).
(p) _ Ciftical Design Review (CDR).
411. Location where the prototype will be manufactured.
42. Roles Responsibilities and expertise details of consortium members, if any.

13. Role of foreign’ indigenous technology provider, if any, including the agreement
intended to be entered into on being shortlisted.

14. Method of execution of ToT and key technologies envisaged to be absorbed
through ToT with timeline (if applicable),

15. Upfront disclosure of details of foreign collaboration, if any including major
assemblies and sub-assemblies to be defined to include Armament, Power Pack,
‘Transmission System, Sighting system etc. as Priority | and I

16. Requirement and employment specialised testing assistance where facilties are
avaitable only with DROO/DGQA/DGAGA/DGNAWSHQ.

37

17. Requirement Utilisation of existing goverment infrastructure for leasing
‘maintenance and manufacture of components, assemblies and sub-assemblies.

18. Recommended Evaluation process and acceptance criteria for prototype for
PSQRs (to be divided into simulation, documentation, certification, inspection and
demonstration )

19. Likely envisaged delivery timelines for production version post placement of
contract.

20. Recommended methodology for ful life cycle support for production version.
21. Obsolescence Management Pian for product.
22, Recommended tfaining and exploitatidh methodology for préduct. 4

23. Recommended methodology for, midlife upgrades or fe extension as applicable.

