Annexure 3
NON
 
  DISCLOSURE
 
  AGREEMENT
 
 
1. Preamble
This Non Disclosure Agreement (hereinafter referred to as "the Agreement") is made and entered into on Month 
Date, Year (hereinafter referred to as the "Effective Date"), by and between:
The CMD YIL through General Manager, Ordnance Factory Dum Dum, a PSU under Government of India, 
Ministry of Defence with its principal place of business at Jessore Road, Kolkata, North 24 Parganas, West 
Bengal - 700028 (hereinafter referred to as the "OFDC"), and Mr XYZ, residing at #123, ABC, DEF - 
GGGGGG, India. (hereinafter referred to as the "Vendor").
Hereinafter, OFDC & ................. are collectively referred to as “Parties” and individually as “Party”
The party hereinafter disclosing the confidential information shall be referred to as the “Disclosing Party” & the 
party receiving confidential information shall be referred to as the “Receiving Party”.
WHEREAS, the Entity which is engaged in the business of providing high quality defence hardware and 
equipments and possesses valuable and proprietary information, including trade secrets, client data, technical 
specifications, product designs, business strategies, and other confidential information;
WHEREAS, the Vendor will be contracted by the Entity and will have access to and be entrusted with such 
confidential information in the course of their contract;
WHEREAS, the Entity seeks to protect its confidential information and trade secrets from unauthorised use, 
disclosure, or competitive advantage by third parties;
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and promises contained herein, the sufficiency 
of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:
2.
Definition of Confidential Information:
"Confidential Information" refers to any and all information, whether written, oral, or in any other 
form, disclosed by the Entity to the Vendor, including but not limited to trade secrets, client lists, 
business plans, financial information, marketing strategies, technical documentation, product designs, 
and any proprietary knowledge not generally available to the public.
3.
OFDC’s Obligations:
A  Party  transferring  its  confidential  information  to  the  other  Party  shall  indicate  the same  as 
“Confidential Information” by making the data medium suitably through a reasonably acceptable 
method like stamp, inspection, etc.
The Party has to appoint representative(s) authorized for disclosing & receiving confidential 
information, under information in writing, to the other Party. Subsequent changes thereto, if any, shall 
also be informed to the other Party in writing. The party shall inform the representative about their 
obligations of non-disclosure under this Agreement.
The rights and obligations of party cannot be transferred to a third party without the prior written 

consent of the other party, except to successor by way of merger, acquisition etc. This Agreement will 
be binding upon such successors.
4.
Vendor's Obligations:
a.
The Vendor acknowledges that all Confidential Information provided by the Entity is the 
exclusive property of the Entity and shall be used solely for the benefit of the Entity during the 
term of contract and thereafter.
b.
The Vendor agrees to keep all Confidential Information strictly confidential and not to disclose, 
directly or indirectly, any Confidential Information to any third party without the prior written 
consent of the Entity and both the “Parties” may share the confidential information received with 
such employees, who require it to fulfil the objective of this agreement. Both the “Parties” shall 
be solely accountable for any breach of confidentiality as a result of such sharing of Confidential 
Information.
c.
The Vendor shall not use any Confidential Information for personal gain, competitive advantage, 
or to the detriment of the Entity.
d.
The Vendor shall take all reasonable precautions and implement appropriate safeguards to 
prevent unauthorised access, use, or disclosure of Confidential Information.
e.
The Vendor will be required to follow all the specified test requirements with respect to the 
subject matter and also not share any such test requirements and reports with the third parties 
without written consent of the OFDC.
f.
The Party has to appoint representative(s) authorized for disclosing & receiving confidential 
information, under information in writing, to the other Party. Subsequent changes thereto, if any, 
shall also be informed to the other Party in writing. The party shall inform the representative 
about their obligations of non-disclosure under this Agreement.
g.
The rights and obligations of party cannot be transferred to a third party without the prior written 
consent of  the other party, except to successor by  way  of merger, acquisition etc. This 
Agreement will be binding upon such successors.
h.
The Design, Drawing or whatever the Vendor gains through derived learning or anything which 
is gained by Vendor as a result of the input provided by OFDC needs to be kept strictly 
confidential and not disclosed under any circumstances.
5.
Non Disclosure provisions shall not apply if the information:
i)
Is available in public domain;
ii)
Was shared or disclosed with the written consent of Disclosing party;
iii)
Became available to the Receiving party;
iv)
Was developed and Proved independently by the Receiving Party;
v)
Was not classified or confirmed as Confidential Information and its disclosure to any unauthorized 
third party will not prejudice the interest of Disclosing Party.
6.
Non-Disclosure and Non-Use:
a.
The Vendor acknowledges that the obligations of confidentiality and non-use set forth in this 

Agreement shall survive the termination of their contract term with the Entity.
b.
Confidential Information covered by the agreement for the product "QWE" and the design and 
specifications "RTY" developed by OFDC may include but is not limited to:
c.
Technical Specifications: Detailed technical specifications outlining the architecture, design 
principles, functionality, and performance requirements of the "QWE" product.
d.
Algorithms: Proprietary algorithms and models utilized within the product, implementation 
details, and optimization techniques, programming instructions, modules, libraries, and 
frameworks that constitute their core functionalities.
e.
Client Data: Confidential data provided by OFDC's clients for the purpose of developing and 
implementing the "QWE" product, encompassing personal information, business data, and any 
other sensitive data subject to data privacy regulations.
f.
Business Strategies: OFDC's confidential strategies and plans related to the development, 
marketing, and deployment of the "QWE" product, including unique methodologies, market 
positioning, and competitive advantages associated with the product.
g.
Financial Information: Confidential financial information associated with the "QWE" product, 
such as budgets, cost estimates, pricing models, revenue projections, and investment strategies.
h.
Marketing Plans: Exclusive marketing plans, campaigns, target markets, and branding strategies 
designed to promote and establish the "QWE" product in the industry.
i.
Trade Secrets: Proprietary knowledge, techniques, or practices related to the "QWE" product and 
provide  OFDC  with  a  distinct competitive  advantage in  the  field  of Military product 
development and are considered confidential and valuable.
j.
The Vendor agrees not to disclose or use any Confidential Information for any purpose other 
than as required to perform their obligations mandated by the Entity.
7.
Return or Destruction of Confidential Information:
a.
Upon the termination of the Vendor's contract or at any time upon the Entity's request, the 
Vendor shall promptly return to the Entity all documents, records, electronic files, and any other 
materials containing or related to the Confidential Information.
b.
The Vendor shall also permanently delete any electronic copies or other reproductions of 
Confidential Information from their personal devices and systems.
8.
Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation:
a.
The Vendor agrees that, for a period of 5 years following the termination of their contract, they 
shall not, directly or indirectly, compete with the Entity, solicit its clients, or induce any 
customer, contractor, or supplier of the Entity to terminate their relationship with the Entity.
9.
This Agreement shall be signed in two originals, in English. Each copy shall have equal legal effect.
10. Arbitration Clause
Any disputes or differences arising from or pertaining to this Agreement, which may not be settled by the parties 
through negotiations within 30 (thirty) days, shall be subject to settlement through arbitration. The arbitration 
shall be governed by the Indian Arbitration and Conciliation (Amendment) Act, 2015. Place of Arbitration shall 
be Kolkata. The arbitration proceedings shall be final and binding on the parties of this Agreement.

11. Remedies:
a.
The parties acknowledge that a breach of this Agreement may cause irreparable harm to the 
Entity.
b.
Any breach of confidentiality in violation of provisions of this Agreement shall be punishable 
under relevant clauses of Official Secrets Act, 1923.
c.
The Vendor shall not use the Confidential Information for personal gain or to the detriment of 
the Entity. This non-disclosure obligation shall remain in effect during the Vendor's contract and 
continue after termination of the same. Any breach of this clause may result in legal action, 
including seeking injunctive relief and damages, as permitted under the Indian Contracts Act, 
1872.
12. Governing Law and Jurisdiction:
a.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of India. Any 
disputes arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be subject to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the courts of ( ) courts.
13. Severability:
a.
If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the validity, 
legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way by affected or 
impaired.
14. Non-Circumvention
a.
The Vendor agrees not to circumvent the Entity and work with business associates, clients, and 
other third-party vendors introduced by the Entity. This non-
Circumvention provision shall expire at the end of ( In words ) ( In no.- ) years from the termination of 
this Agreement.
15. Non-Solicitation
a.
For a period of (in words) (in no.) years after the termination of this Agreement, the Vendor 
agrees that he will not solicit for work, provide service or advice or assist others with the 
opportunity to do the same, any Client of any Entity in the specified reasonable geographical 
limit.
16. No Tampering
a.
While Vendor is contracted by the Company and for (in words) (in no.) years following the 
termination of Vendor’s Contract with the Entity, the Vendor shall not:

request, induce or attempt to influence any supplier of goods or services to the Entity to curtail or cancel 
any business they may transact with the Entity;

request, induce or attempt to influence any customers of the Entity that have done business with or 
potential customers which have been in contact with the Entity to curtail or cancel any business they 
may transact with the Entity.

17. Termination
a.
This Agreement shall survive and remain in effect and expressly terminated in writing and 
signed by all Parties or until (in words) (in no.) years from the date of termination of contract 
between the Entity and the Vendor. A 30 days notice is to be provided for the purpose.
18. Entire Agreement:
a.
This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding between the parties concerning the subject 
matter herein, containing 13 clauses that supersede all prior agreements, understandings, or 
representations, whether oral or written.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Non Confidentiality Agreement as of the 
Effective Date first above written.
Company:
Vendor:
Ordnance Factory Dum Dum
(Designation) Date 
(Designation) Date 
Witnessed by:
Witnessed by:
(Name of Witness) Address                                                                                             (Name of Witness) Address
(Designation) Date 
(Designation) Date 

Annexure 4
NON-COMPETE AGREEMENT
This Non-Compete Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into as of [Date], by and between Ordnance 
Factory Dum Dum, Jessore Road, Kolkat-28,  a unit of Yantra India Limited , a government of  India 
Enterprise under the Ministry of Defence,  having its registered office at Ambajhari Nagpur (hereinafter 
referred to as "OFDC"), and “ the company”, a company registered under the laws of India, having its 
registered office at [Address] (hereinafter referred to as "The Company").
1.
Purpose of Agreement: OFDC is entering into a contract with The Company for the designing & 
manufacturing of defense items, and as a part of the collaboration, OFDC may share technical 
details and proprietary information with The Company. In consideration of the mutual covenants 
contained herein, the parties agree to the terms set forth in this Agreement.
2.
Non-Compete Obligations: 
(a) The Company agrees that, during the term of the manufacturing contract and for a period of 
Ten years after the termination or completion of the contract, The Company shall not engage, 
directly or indirectly, either individually or as a partner, officer, director, employee, consultant, or 
otherwise, in any business or enterprise that competes with the products or services provided by 
OFDC within the territory of India.
(b) The Company further agrees not to disclose, use, or reproduce any confidential or proprietary 
information  received  from  OFDC  for  any  purpose  other  than  the  performance  of  the 
manufacturing contract.
3.
Exceptions: The  non-compete  obligations  in  this  Agreement  shall  not  apply  to  activities 
expressly authorized by OFDC in writing.
4.
Non-Solicitation: The Company agrees not to solicit, directly or indirectly, the services of any 
employee or contractor of OFDC during the term of the manufacturing contract and for a period 
of 10 years after the termination or completion of the contract.
5.
Governing Law: This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the 
laws of India.
6.
Dispute Resolution: Any disputes arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be 
resolved through arbitration in accordance with the YIL, Nagpur Arbitration and Conciliation 
policy. The seat of arbitration shall be Kolkata or as decided by YIL HQ Nagpur, and the 
language of the arbitration shall be English.
7.
Entire Agreement: This Agreement contains the entire understanding between the parties 
concerning the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements 
and understandings, whether oral or written.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Non-Compete Agreement as of the date 
first above written.
For Ordnance Factory Dum Dum (OFDC): 
For The Company:
[Name and Designation] [Signature] [Date]
 [Name  and  Designation]  [Signature] 
[Date]

