




» government —_ ~

‘Date: 21-2025 05:10°

Yn cao

ras mc weno}

Franeae mason POR)
a cons FACED brn Moston NN

“JSEECTON Ga cation Dest FO TE YUGEEN BARAT OREM NEE
Joctnt

[omer


NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT

(To be submitted on INR 100 value Non-Judicial Stamp paper)

‘This Non-Disclosure Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into on [Date] ("Effective Date")
between the Ministry of Culture, Government of India, having its office at Room No. 501. °C
Wing, Shastri Bhawan, New Delhi - 110015, hereinafter refered to as the "Disclosing Paty,"
and [Bidder Name, having its office at [Bidder Address}, hereinafter referred to as the
“Receiving Party,” collectively refered to asthe "Parties."

WHEREAS, the Disclosing Party intends to share certain confidential and proprietary
information with the Receiving Party for the purpose of participating in the Request for Proposal
(RFP) ‘ted "Selection of Design Consultant for Comprehensive Architecture and
Exhibition Design Services for Yuge Yugeen Bharat Museum” ("Project Purpose"), which
involves sensitive details of the North Block and South Block heritage complex, housing eritical
‘government offices;

WHEREAS, duc to the security considerations associated with the North Block and South Block
heritage complex, itis imperative that all shared information remains confidential;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration ofthe mutual promises and covenants contained herein,
the Parties agree as follows:

interpretation

+ References to clauses ae to clauses ofthis Agreement.

‘+ The term "person" includes any individual, company, corporation, govemment, or other
legal entity, whether or not having separate legal personality.

+ Atoference to any statute or statutory provision includes any amendments, modifications,
‘or re-enactments thereof.

+ References to times are to Indian Standard Time.

+ All headings and titles are inserted for convenience only and do not affect the
interpretation ofthis Agreement,

‘+ Incase of ambiguities, specific clauses prevail over general clauses, and provisions in
this Agreement prevail over any schedules unless expressly stated otherwise.

2. Scope of the Agreement

‘This Agreement governs all confidential and proprietary information disclosed by the Disclosing
Party to the Receiving Party, including but not limited to floor diagrams, photographs,
specifications, and other site details ofthe North Block and South Block heritage complex,
identified in writing or otherwise as confidential before or within thirty (30) days after disclosure
(Confidential Information”). Such Confidential Information may be communicated in writing,
‘orally, though visual observation, or by any other tangible ot intangible means.

3. Obligations of the Receiving Party
The Receiving Party shall

(Use the Confidential Information only forthe Project Purpose.
ii) Use the same degree of care as it normally exercises to protect lls own proprietary
information, taking into account the nature of the Confidential Information
ii) Grant access to Confidential Information only to employees on a "need to know" basis and
restrict such access as and when not necessary to carry out the Project Purpose,

Comply with the provisions of this Agreement in handling Confidential Information:

(¥) Reproduce Confidential Information only to the extent essential to fulfilling the Project
Purpose,
(¥i) Disclose the Confidential Information to its consultants/eontractors or any third parties on a

“need to know" basis, provided that by doing so, the Receiving Party agrees to bind such
consultants/contractors to terms at least as restrictive as those stated herein. The Receiving Party
‘upon making a disclosure under this clause shall advise the consultants/contractors of the
confidentiality obligations imposed on them by this clause.
(vii) Upon the Disclosing Party's request, either retum to the Disclosing Party the Confidential
Information or certify tothe Disclosing Party that all media containing Confidential Information
hhave been destroyed and won't be disclosed. Provided, however, that an archival copy of the
Confidential Information may be retained in the files of the Receiving Party's counsel, solely for
the purpose of proving the contents of the Confidential Information —
(ili) Not remove any of the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information from the premises of
the Disclosing Party without prior written approval

4. Exceptions to Confidential Information

‘The obligations in Clause 3 shall not apply to Confidential Information thatthe Receiving Party
ean demonstrate:

(® Was independently developed by or forthe Receiving Party without reference to the
Confidential Information, or was received without restrictions.
Gi) Has become generally available tothe public without breach of confidentiality obligations by


Party without restriction atthe
Is disclosed with the prior written consent ofthe Disclosing Party.

5. Ownership of Confidential Information

+ The Receiving Party acknowledges that all Confidential Information is owned solely by
the Disclosing Party (or its licensors) and that unauthorized disclosure or use would cause
ireparable harm and significant injury, the extent of which may be difficult o ascertain,

‘+ By disclosing the Confidential Information or executing this Agreement, the Disclosing
Party does not grant any license, explicitly or implicitly, under any trademark, ptent,
copyright, trade seeret, or other intellectual property right

+ The Disclosing Party disclaims all warranties regarding the Confidential Information,
including warranties of accuracy, utili infringement of intellectual property
rights

6. Term

This Agreement shall remain in effect until the Disclosing Party

‘written permission to
‘waive the confidentiality requirement.

7. Dispute Resolution

te arising under this Agreement shall be resolved through arbi

Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996, withthe arbitrator appointed by mutual consent
of the Parties. The arbitration proceedings shall beheld in New Delhi

+ The arbitration award shal be final and binding, subject to legal remedies available under
the law.

+ The Disclosing Party may seek immediate injunctive relief to enjoin any breach of this
‘Agreement, in addition to other legal or equitable remedies.

8..No Partnership

This Agreement shall not be construed to create any association, joimt venture, partnership, or

‘agency relationship between the Parties, nor does it grant either Party the authority to bind the
other.


9. Notices

‘Any notice or communication under this Agreement shall bein writing and delivered by hand,
recognized courier, registered post, email, or facsimile to:

*+ Disclosing Party: Ministry of Culture, Room No. $01, ‘C’ Wing, Shastri Bhawan, New
Delhi-110015, Attn: [Shri Rakesh Kumar, Under Secretary Ministry of Culture), Email
{museum-culture@igov.in}

+ Receiving Party: (Bidder Name}, [Bidder Address}, Attn: [Contact Person), Phone:
[Phone], Fax: [Fax No.)

10, Language

Al notices, communications, and documentation relevant to this Agreement shall be in writing
‘and in the English language.

11. Governing Law

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with te laws of Ini
‘exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in New Delhi.

12. Miscellaneous

+ This Agreement may only be amended in writing signed by both Parties.

+ No waiver of any provision or breach of this Agreement shall be effective unless made in
iting and signed by the waiving Party

*+ This Agreement is binding upon and inuces to the benefit ofthe Parties and their
respective successors and permitted assigns,


