Page 1 of 8 
 
 
CONFIDENTIALITY & NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
 
 
BY 
 
 
__________ 
[Insert Name]__________________ (Receiving 
Party) 
 
 
IN FAVOUR OF 
 
 
NEWSPACE INDIA LIMITED (NSIL) 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Page 2 of 8 
 
CONFIDENTIALITY & NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT  
(To be executed on the stamp paper of appropriate value as per the relevant state’s stamp 
legislation) 
 
This Confidentiality & Non-Disclosure Agreement (“Agreement”) made at Bengaluru, India 
on this ___ day of _________2024.  
 
BY AND BETWEEN: 
 
________________________a company registered under the Companies Act, 1956/ 2013 
and having its registered office at_____________ (hereinafter referred to as “Receiving 
Party” which expression shall, unless repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be 
deemed to include its successors, transferees and permitted assigns, etc.). 
 
AND 
 
NewSpace India Limited a company registered under the Companies Act, 2013 and having 
its registered office at ISRO HQ Campus, Bengaluru – 560 094 (hereinafter referred to as 
“NSIL”, which expression shall, unless repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be 
deemed to include its successors, transferees and permitted assigns, etc.). 
  
NSIL and the Receiving Party shall hereinafter be collectively referred to as the “Parties” 
and individually as “Party”. 
 
WHEREAS  
A. 
NSIL has floated a request for qualification dated [08th May 2024] and bearing 
reference no. [NSIL/RFQ/LVM3/PPP/01] (“RFQ”) in relation to the production of the 
LVM3, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Tender Documents 
(including specifically in the Contract) (“Project”) and is required to provide certain 
information (which at present is confidential and not in the public domain) to the 
Receiving Party for the purpose of submission of Proposals by such Receiving Party.  
B. 
The Parties intend that the aforesaid information be kept confidential as between the 
Parties. The Parties undertake and declare that they shall not divulge, publish or 
reproduce the same before any party or person except in accordance with the terms 
of this Agreement. 
C. 
The Parties hereto are now entering into this Agreement, in pursuance to any other 
agreements executed or as may be executed between the Parties at a later date, 
which is to be read in conjunction with such other agreement. 
NOW THEREFORE the Parties agree as follows: 
This Agreement is being furnished by Parties in consideration of the premise as set forth 
above.  Vide this Agreement, Receiving Party, hereby agree, undertake, acknowledge and 
confirm that: 
1.  
Definitions  
1.1 
For the purposes of this Agreement:   
a) 
"Confidential Information" shall mean such information as defined in Clause 
3 

Page 3 of 8 
 
b) 
“Disclosing Party” shall mean the Party disclosing any Confidential 
Information. 
c) 
“Receiving Party” shall mean the Party receiving the Confidential information 
hereunder. 
d) 
“Employees” shall mean and include the partners, directors, employees, 
officers, subcontractors, agents, Associates, Affiliates, representatives of the 
Receiving Party. 
e) 
“Group” shall mean in relation to a Party, that Party, each and any subsidiary 
or holding company/controlling organisation of that Party, and each and any 
subsidiary of a holding company of that Party or its Associates. (Associates 
shall have the same meaning as defined under Clause 1.1 (m). 
f) 
“Non - Compete” shall mean that the Receiving Party shall not directly / 
indirectly solicit work from the other departments/ divisions of Disclosing Party 
or its Affiliates as more fully explained in Clause 6 to this Agreement. 
g) 
“Proprietary Information” shall mean all information, intellectual property 
rights including but not limited to Trade Marks, Copyrights, patents, Designs, 
algorithms, trade secrets, formulae, designs, know-how, domain names, 
processes, applications, data, ideas, techniques, documents, notes, 
presentations, works of authorship, business plans, customer lists, user 
information, customer data, operational data, and other information concerning 
the actual or anticipated business, research or development, prices and pricing 
structures, marketing and sales information, competitive analysis, and any 
information and materials relating thereto, or which is received in confidence 
by or for the Company or its Affiliates from any other person, whether or not it 
is in written or permanent form of which Disclosing Party is the registered owner 
or has any other kind of enforceable rights. 
h) 
“ISRO” shall mean Indian Space Research Organisation, including its Centres/ 
Units 
i) 
“Business Purposes” shall mean and include such purposes for which 
Parties are engaging to achieve purpose defined in the Introduction.   
j) 
“Best Efforts” means, with respect to a Party, a duty to act in good faith and 
with all due diligence and prudence consistent with applicable law in 
accordance with best practices and the highest professional standards in a 
commercially reasonable manner adhered to Business Purposes. 
k) 
“Effective Date” Shall mean the date this Agreement is made.  If signed on 
two different dates, the last date will be considered as Effective Date. 
 
l) 
“Associates/ Affiliates” shall mean any person that is directly or indirectly, 
through one or more intermediaries, Controlling, Controlled by, or under 
common Control with a Party. For purposes of this definition, “Control” shall 
mean possessing, directly or indirectly, the power to direct or cause the 
direction of the management, policies, and operations of a person, whether 
through ownership of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise.  

Page 4 of 8 
 
1.2 
Any capitalised terms used in this Agreement, but not defined in this Agreement, shall 
have the meanings ascribed to them under the RFQ 
2. PURPOSE 
2.1 The Receiving Party would be receiving Confidential Information (as defined below) in 
relation to Project, from NSIL, ISRO, NSIL’s/ISRO’s Affiliates, directors, officers, 
employees, agents or advisors  
2.2 The Parties herein agree and acknowledge that as a condition to either Party furnishing 
such Confidential Information, shall treat such Confidential Information provided by the 
Disclosing Party to the Receiving Party in accordance with the terms of this Agreement 
and to take or abstain from taking certain other actions in accordance with the terms 
of this Agreement as set forth hereinbelow. 
3. “Confidential Information” includes: (i) all information, data, reports, analyses, progress, 
status advices, interpretations, studies, forecasts, records, documents and/or materials , 
whether made available in writing or electronically to the Receiving Party by the Disclosing 
Parties in relation to Project and/or LVM3 or becoming available to the Representatives 
(as defined below) of the Receiving Party, including without limitation in any written or 
printed documents, or in electronic format, specifications for the MSS terminal, designs, 
photographs, technical details, facility layouts, general arrangement plans, production 
schedules, drawings, samples, models, information regarding operations, financial 
information, strategies, either in writing or orally or any means of disclosing such 
Confidential Information that the Disclosing Party may elect to use prior to the execution 
or during the validity of this Agreement; (iii) any financial, technical, business, operational, 
assets and liabilities related information, any analysis that integrally incorporates and/or 
discloses any Confidential Information; and (iv) any information exchanged between 
parties to the Project, in respect of any Disclosing Party(ies), or documents reflecting or 
generated from such information, and any information or document that the Disclosing 
Party considers confidential, but excluding information that:  
(i) 
at the time of supply to the Receiving Party is in the public domain or otherwise 
lawfully known to the Receiving Party; 
(ii) becomes lawfully available to the Receiving Party or its Representatives from a 
third party who to the best of the Receiving Party’s knowledge does not owe any 
party an obligation of confidence in relation to such information; 
(iii) is independently developed by the Receiving Party or its Representatives without 
any reference to the Confidential Information, and without violating any obligations 
hereunder; or 
(iv) is approved for disclosure in writing by the Disclosing Parties or a Disclosing Party. 
4. The Confidential Information shall be shared only with Affiliates or partners who shall be 
potentially participating in the Bidding Process and the directors, partners, officers, agents, 
employees or advisors (such as financial advisors, attorneys, bankers, consultants and 
accountants) of the Receiving Party/their Affiliates/partners who need to know such 
information for the purpose of submitting the Proposal (collectively referred to as the 
“Representatives”), on a strictly “need to know” basis; provided, such Representatives 
are also similarly restricted by the confidential obligations and the conditions set forth in 
this Agreement. The Receiving Party agrees that the Receiving Party will be responsible 
for any breach of the confidentiality and other terms of this Agreement by any of the 
Receiving Party’s Representatives; 

Page 5 of 8 
 
5. The Receiving Party agrees that it shall ensure that its Representatives shall keep 
confidential all Confidential Information provided to the Receiving Party, unless disclosure 
is required to satisfy the requirements of any law, legal process, court of competent 
jurisdiction or any governmental or regulatory agency having the authority to regulate any 
aspect of the Receiving Party’s business. Provided that the Receiving Party may disclose 
only such Confidential Information that is strictly required to be disclosed to comply with a 
regulatory requirement, and to the extent legally permissible, the Receiving Party shall 
notify the Disclosing Parties of such requirements promptly, in advance of the disclosure, 
so that the Disclosing Parties may seek protective order or other appropriate remedy to 
protect the secrecy of the Confidential Information. 
6. The Receiving Party shall be liable to the Disclosing Party for such loss, damage, costs, 
expenses or liabilities arising out of any such action, claim or proceeding, brought by any 
third party pursuant to any unauthorized disclosure or use of any information by the 
Receiving Party, or by any person for whom the Receiving Party is responsible under this 
Agreement, or pursuant to any breach of any undertaking, warranty or representation 
contained in this Agreement as awarded by a court of competent jurisdiction. Without 
prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, and the obligations of the Parties in respect of 
the Confidential Information, each Party agrees and acknowledges that additional 
obligations shall be applicable in respect of Classified Information. For the purposes of this 
Agreement ‘Classified Information’ shall mean information, documents and material of 
any kind which the respective Government i.e., Indian Government has given or caused 
to be given a security classification irrespective of whether the same is transmitted orally, 
electronically, in writing or by hand. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement: 
(a) 
Each Party hereto undertakes to follow security procedures prescribed for 
military purposes with respect to disclosure, receipt, production, use and 
handling of Classified Information as notified by Disclosing Party.  
(b) 
Any Classified Information, disclosed by one Party hereto shall be, whatever 
the method of disclosure be, identified by the Disclosing Party as Classified 
Information at the time of disclosure.  
(c) 
The provisions of this Clause 11 are to remain in full force and effect 
notwithstanding any termination by expiration or otherwise of this Agreement. 
7. The Receiving Party understands and agrees that monetary damages would not be 
sufficient remedy for any actual or threatened breach of this Agreement by the Receiving 
Party or any of its Representatives and that, in addition to all other remedies available at 
law and/or in equity, the Disclosing Parties shall be entitled to seek equitable relief, 
including both preliminary and permanent injunctions and specific performance, as a 
remedy for any such actual or threatened breach of this Agreement by the Receiving Party 
or any of its Representatives. 
8. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of India and thereof. Any dispute arising 
from or related to this NDA shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts at 
Bangalore, Karnataka.  
9. The Receiving Party agrees and acknowledges that its obligations and undertakings 
herein shall be in addition to, and not in derogation or substitution of its obligations under 
the Tender Documents. 
10. The Parties agree and acknowledge that capitalized terms used but not defined in this 
Agreement shall have the meaning ascribed thereto under the RFQ. 

Page 6 of 8 
 
11. 
BREACH 
 
11.1. In the event of any breach of any of the terms of this Agreement by Receiving Party, 
the Disclosing Party shall be entitled to serve a written notice to the Receiving Party 
informing Receiving Party of such default and requiring the Receiving Party to rectify 
the same within 5 (Five) days of receipt of the notice of default, failing which the 
Disclosing Party shall be at liberty to terminate this Agreement / any such other 
agreement(s) that may have been executed between the Parties. 
 
12. 
TERM AND TERMINATION 
 
12.1. This Agreement shall expire on, the earlier of (i) five (5) years from the date of this 
Agreement or (ii) either Party may terminate this Agreement by giving a prior written 
notice of 30 (Thirty) days to the other Party. The obligations concerning Confidential 
Information shared to Receiving Party for the purpose of this Project shall survive after 
the expiration of the stipulated tenure of five (5) years and Receiving Party will be 
restrained from disclosing any of the Confidential Information in perpetuity.  Where any 
definitive agreement is executed in connection with the Permitted Purpose, this 
Agreement shall be read together with the definitive agreement and be governed by 
the same. 
 
13. 
INDEMNITY 
 
13.1. The Receiving Party hereby agrees and undertakes to indemnify Disclosing Party or 
its Group member from and against all damages, losses, claims, liabilities, costs and / 
expenses which Disclosing Party may incur or sustain as a result of a breach of any of 
the provisions of this Agreement by the Receiving Party or its Affiliates.  
 
13.2. The Receiving Party hereby agrees and undertakes to be liable to Disclosing Party for 
such damages, losses, claims, liabilities, costs and/ expenses which Disclosing Party 
may incur or sustain as a result of a breach of any of the provisions of this Agreement 
by the Receiving Party or its Affiliates as awarded by a court of competent jurisdiction 
or any such amount as may be mutually agreed upon by the Parties herein. 
 
14. 
MISCELLANEOUS 
 
14.1. The Receiving Party shall neither publicly release any information relating to this 
Agreement, the relationship of the Parties nor the discussions or exchanges in 
connection to this Agreement, without prior written consent of Disclosing Party, except 
as permitted herein. 
 
14.2. Assignment: Receiving Party shall not assign or transfer any of its rights or obligations 
under this Agreement. 
 
14.3. Amendment: The Parties may amend the provisions of this Agreement with the mutual 
consent of the Parties to be recorded in writing and duly signed by each Party. 
 

Page 7 of 8 
 
14.4. Severability: If any provision of this Agreement becomes unenforceable or prohibited 
under the applicable laws, such unenforceability or prohibition shall not invalidate or 
affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions of the Agreement. 
 
14.5. Except where stated otherwise in this Agreement, a person who is not a Party to this 
Agreement has no right to enforce any of its terms. 
 
14.6. This Agreement shall be binding on the Receiving Party and inure to the benefit of the 
Disclosing Party and its successors and assigns. 
 
14.7. Headings: The headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only 
and shall not in any manner affect the meaning and interpretation of this Agreement. 
 
14.8. Notices: Unless otherwise provided herein, all notices or other communications under 
or in connection with this Agreement shall be given in writing and may be sent by 
personal delivery or post or courier or facsimile at the address as specified herein 
below: 
Mr. Ravi Prakash Shukla 
Manager Legal  
ISRO HQ Campus, New BEL Road 
Bangalore – 560 094 
Email: ravi.prakash@nsilindia.co.in  
Phone No.: 080 23227777 
To M/s 
Address: 
Phone No.: 
Fax: 
E-mail: 
 
 
Any such notice or other communication will be deemed to be effective if sent by personal 
delivery, when delivered, if sent by post then from the date of receipt of post 
acknowledgement, and if sent by courier, then from the date of receipt of courier 
acknowledgement, and if transmitted electronically by e-mail (on receipt of a confirmation 
to the mentioned email id (s)). 
15. Counterparts: This Agreement, and any amendment thereof, may be executed in 2 (Two) 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall 
constitute one and the same document. 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Page 8 of 8 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed 
as of the Effective Date as mentioned hereinabove. 
 
For and on-behalf of NSIL 
For and on-behalf of {Insert Company 
Name} 
 
Signature: 
 
Name 
Ravi Prakash 
Shukla 
Designation 
Manager, Legal  
Place 
Bangalore 
Date 
 
Seal 
 
 
 
Signature: 
 
Name 
 
Designation 
 
Place 
 
Date 
 
Seal 
 
 
WITNESS: 
 
Signature: 
 
Name:  
 
WITNESS 
 
Signature: 
 
Name: 
 
 
 
[Note to draft:  
1. 
In case the constitutional documents of the Receiving Party provide for common seal, 
the said common seal shall be affixed on this Agreement in accordance with the 
constitutional documents of the Receiving Party; and 
2. 
In case of a Consortium, this Agreement shall be executed by the Lead Member on 
behalf of each Member of such Consortium.]  

