[Company_Name]
[Company_Address]
14/12/2021
Letter of Appointment
Dear [Employee_Name],
Appointment as [Employee_Designation]
We refer to your recent interview for the position and are please to advise that we are offering you the position with
[Company_Name] effective from [Employee_Joining_Date] under the following terms and conditions:
1. Posting & Transfer
Your services are liable to be transferred, at the sole discretion of Management, in such other capacity as the company
may determine, to any department / section, location, associate, sister concern or subsidiary, at any place in India or
abroad, whether existing today or which may come up in future. In such a case, you will be governed by the terms and
conditions of the service applicable at the new placement location.
2. Probation
That you will be on probation for a period of six months. The period of probation can be extended at the discretion of the
Management and you will continue to be on probation till an order of confirmation has been issued in writing.
3. Full time employment
Your position is a whole time employment with the Company and you shall devote yourself exclusively to the business
and interests of the company. You will not take up any other work for remuneration (part time or otherwise) or work in
an advisory capacity, or be interested directly or indirectly (except as shareholder / debenture holder), in any other trade
or business during your employment with the company, without permission in writing of the Management of the
Company. You will also not seek membership of any local or public bodies without first obtaining specific permission
from the Management.
4. Confidentiality
You will not, at any time, during the employment or after, without the consent of the Management disclose or divulge or
make public, except on legal obligations, any information regarding the Company’s affairs or administration or research
carried out, whether the same is confided to you or becomes known to you in the course of your service or otherwise.
5. Intellectual Property
If you conceive any new or advanced method of improving designs/ processes/ formulae/ systems, etc. in relation to the
business/ operations of the Company, such developments will be fully communicated to the company and will be, and
remain, the sole right/ property of the Company.
6. Responsibilities & Duties
Your work in the organization will be subject to the rules and regulations of the organization as laid down in relation to
conduct, discipline and other matters. You will always be alive to responsibilities and duties attached to your office and
conduct yourself accordingly. You must effectively perform to ensure results.
7. Past Records
This letter of appointment is based on the information furnished in your application for employment and during the
interviews you had with us. If any declaration given, or information furnished by you, to the company proves to be false,
or if you are found to have willfully suppressed any material information, in such cases, you will be liable to removal from
services without any notice.
8. Termination of employment
During the probationary period and any extension thereof, your services may be terminated without giving any notice or
salary in lieu thereof. However, on confirmation the services can be terminated from either side by giving one month (30
days) notice or salary in lieu thereof.
Upon resignation/termination of employment, you will immediately hand over to the Company all correspondence,
specifications, formulae, books, documents, market data, cost data, drawings, affects or records belonging to the
Company or relating to its business and shall not retain or make copies of these items.
Upon resignation/termination of employment, you will also return all company property, which may be in your
possession.
Notwithstanding the above condition, the contract of service may also be terminated because of under mentioned
stipulations. This will be without payment of any compensation.
If you fail, refuse or neglect to carry out and perform your duties assigned to you by the company.
For loss of confidence in you by the company for any of the act committed by you.
If you are found to be guilty of fraud, insubordination or misconduct whether in course of performance of duties
entrusted to you or otherwise.
If you are found unfit for being entrusted with the responsible work commensurate with your position in
consequences of any misconduct, moral turpitude. * If you commit any act prejudicial to the continuing good
relationship between you and the company.
If you commit breach of any of the terms of this letter of appointment.
9. Authority
No authority is vested upon you to make any financial commitment and enter into agreements/contracts/understandings
of any nature with any second party and third party without seeking the prior permission/approval of the management.
Any violation to exceed your specified authority as mentioned will be seriously viewed and disciplinary/appropriate legal
action will be taken.
If you agree to the above terms and conditions of the appointment, kindly confirm your acceptance by signing and
returning the duplicate copy of this letter for our file and records.
Sincerely,
[HR_Name]
[HR_Designation]
[Company_Name]
I agree to the appointment and accept the above terms and conditions of service.
Name: [Employee_Name]
Employee ID : [Employee_ID]
Date: 14/12/2021
Signature: ....................................