Dear Mr. Subham Singh
am very pleased that you have accepted our offer and are joining our team. Your experience and vision will
be a great asset to this group, and I know that the team is looking forward to working with you. We are
pleased to appoint you as Team Lead under the following terms and conditions
1. Commencement Date
Your date of appointment will be effective from 01-Nov-2021.
2. Salary Benefits
Salary and benefits are detailed in Annexure attached herewith. Your CTC is 1,44,000 INR.
3. Place of work
Your initial employment location will be 821 Rabindra Pally, Durgapur 713203. However, your
services are transferrable to any place in the country or to any of the company's associate or sister
concern of its subsidiary client location, at the sole discretion of the management.
4. Working hours
The shift timing will be based on processprogram requirement as and when explained by your
superiors.
5. Job AssignmentReporting
In your assignment, you will be responsible for the duties of Subject Matter Expert, as more
particularly laid out in the job description for this position. You will report directly to the person
nominated by the management.
6. Probation, Confirmation & Termination
2021 Edutech Solutions
CONFIDENTIAL- This document is for the intendent recipient.
1) You will be on probation for a period of 3(threejmonths from the date of your appointment,
where after, if your services are found satisfactory, you will be confirmed by means of a written
intimation. The management reserves the right to reduce, dispense with or extend your
probation period at its absolute discretion.
2) (a) During the probation period or the extended period of probation, an Employee will be liable
to be discharged from the company's services at any time with 15 days prior notice and without
assigning any reason. An Employee also bound to provide the company with 15days notice during
which period heshe may have to work. The company does not encourage adjusting notice period
against either leave or forfeiture of salary.
(b) Upon confirmation your services are liable to be terminated by the company after providing
you one month notice or payment of basic salary in lieu thereof.
You shall also be bound to provide the company with one month notice prior to Resignation
during which period you may have to actually work. The said period will not be adjustable either
against leave or forfeiture of salary.
(c) If the exigencies of work so require, the company may not leave you earlier than the expiry of
the entire period of notice. It shall, however, be open to the company to accept your resignation
with effect from any date earlier than the one offered by you in your resignation letter.
(d) The company will have the right to terminate your employment without notice or payment
of salary in lieu thereof if
-You commit any breach of your duties and responsibilities under this contract of service.
-You are guilty of any gross default or misconduct, which contravenes the expressed or implied
conditions of your employment.
7. Absence without Notice Un-approved Leave
Absence without leave or remaining absent beyond the period of leave originally granted or
subsequently extended, shall result in voluntary termination of your employment without any notice
unless you.
1) Return to work within 3 days from the commencement of such absence, and
2) Provide satisfactory explanation to management regarding such absence.
3) Any GHCLWEEK OFFSUNDAY falling in between continuous unapproved leaves shall be treated
as unapproved leave as well and shall be treated as unpaid day.
8. Non-disclosure Agreement
2021 Edutech Solutions
CONFIDENTIAL- This document is for the intendent recipient.
During your employment with us you will have access to confidentialproprietary information about
the organization, its clients, its business transactions, and associated companies. You shall not during
your course of employment and two years after you have ceased to be in the employment of this
organization, disclose such confidentialproprietary information to any third party andor any
unauthorized person.
All notes and memoranda pertaining to this organization trade secrets and confidentialproprietary
information made by or acquired by you during your employment shall always remain the propety
of this organization. Upon termination of your employment, you shall return all notesmemoranda
and any copies thereof to organization that you may have obtained during your employment.
You are obliged to sign a non-disclosure agreement specific to a particular client as and when
required by organization.
Prior to joining organization, you will ensure that you will be free from any contractual restrictions
preventing you from accepting this offer or starting work on the joining date.
9. Employment regulations
Whilst employed with the company
You will not engage in any trade or profession or undertake any employment, full or part time,
while in the service of the company.
You will have no objection to working extra hours in the morning or the evening according to the
requirement of the job.
You willalways carry out your duties with diligence and loyalty, keeping the company's interest
paramount.
You shall not under any circumstances either directly or indirectly, receive or accept for any
benefit any commission, rebate, discount or profit from any person, company or firm having
business transactions with organization.
During your employment, you will be bound by the company's rules and regulations framed and
enforced from time to time. The company reserves the right to amend or alter the said rules and
regulations at its discretion, without any notice thereof and this wil be deemed as rules and
regulations in terms of your employment.
The company shall verify the facts stated by you in your resume submitted during the interview
process. If any of the facts stated therein are found to be false, you senvice will be terminated
immediately without any notice or any compensation in lieu of the notice period.
The appointment letter is governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of
India, and both parties to this appointment letter shall submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the
Indian courts. This appointment letter contains the entire understanding between the parties and
supersedes all previous agreements orand arrangements relating to employment with the
organization. Any amendments or modifications to this appointment letter shall be made in
writing and signed by both the parties.
The terms and conditions of the service are confidential and may not be disclosed to or discussed
with anyone.
2021 Edutech Solutions
CONFIDENTIAL- This document is for the intendent recipient.
You will be required to effectively carryout all duties and responsibilities assigned to you by your
manager and others authorized by the company to assign such duties and responsibilities. You will be required to apply and maintain highest standards of personal conduct and integrity and comply with all company policies and procedures. All acts subversive of good conduct and
discipline like insubordination, gross negligence, corruption, fraud, forgery, mis appropriation etc.
would warrant strong disciplinary action from the company.
The emoluments benefits due to you will be liable subject to deduction of income tax in
accordance with the provisions of the Income Tax Act and rules made there under as also other
applicable laws, if any, as maybe in force from time to time.
10. ACCEPTANCE
Please sign and return the duplicate copy of this letter and annexure as a token of your acceptance of the
terms and conditions mentioned herein.
if you fail toindicate your acceptance within a week from the date of appointment letter, this offer of
employment will be deemed to have been withdrawn and cancelled.
All other terms and conditions will be governed by the Company's policy as stated from time to time. We are
looking fonward to your joining us for a long, successful and a mutually beneficial organization.
cOMPENSATION STRUCTURE
The bifurcation of your annual compensation is stated below
EMPLOYEE NAME
DESIGNATION
COST TO COMPANY(ANNUALLY)
Subham Singh
Subject Matter Expert
1,44,000 INR
Variable component is based on component basis or bonus plan.
Yours faithfully
For Edutech Solutions
For employee use only.
laccept the appointment on the terms and conditions contained herein,
NAME
SIGNATURE DATE
2021 Edutech Solutions
CONFIDENTIAL- This document is for the intendent recipient.
June 21, 2021
Welcome to Wipro’s Work Integrated Learning Program (“WILP”)
Work Integrated Learning Programme
Wipro Limited, Dodda Kannelli
Sarjapur Road, Bengaluru - 560 035.
Phone (080) 2844001112, Fax (080) 28440256
Dear ARNAB GHANTY,
Sub Enrolment letter to Wipro’s Work Integrated Learning Program (“WILP”) as Scholar Trainee – Work
Integrated Learning Program
Welcome to WILP!
With reference to your application, it is our pleasure to enroll you as a Scholar Trainee – Work Integrated Learning
Program. This is a scholarship program customized as a robust academic and training program which will enable
you to obtain M. Tech degree from one of the premier engineering institution  University in India.
The duration of the academic program shall be 48 months from the date of enrolment for academic program. You
will be enrolled into the academic program within 12 months from date of joining. Your date of joining will be intimated
through a separate communication.
We hope you enjoy the learning with WILP and have an enriching experience being a part of Wipro Limited (“Wipro or
“Company”).
Please read through the terms and conditions of your enrolment as provided below.
We look forward to having a long and fruitful relationship with you at WILP, Wish you all the best!
Yours sincerely,
For Wipro Limited,
Aparna Shailen
General Manager - Human Resources
Endorsement
I accept the enrolment and the terms and conditions thereof as specified below. I shall report for undergoing study on
Terms & Conditions of Scholarship
1. PROFILE
You have been selected to be a part of Wipro’s WILP and are enrolled as a Scholar Trainee- Work Integrated Learning
Program. Upon joining WILP, you will have to undergo a “Project Readiness Program” (‘PRP’) that prepares you to
participate in projects at the Company as part of this learning program. This robust academic program will also enable
you to obtain M. Tech degree from one of the premier engineering Institution  University upon successful
completion of the course.
2. DURATION
The duration of your academic program will be for a period of 48 months from the date of enrolment to the academic
program. You will be enrolled into the academic program within 12 months from date of joining. Unless the Company
extends the period of your study in writing, which is done solely at the discretion of the Company, your enrolment
would automatically terminate at the end of the stated 48 months.
In case the Company extends the academic period (in writing) you will continue to be enrolled as a Scholar Trainee –
Work Integrated Learning Program with WILP.
3. ScholarshipStipend and Benefits
During your period of enrolment, you would be entitled to a consolidated monthly scholarship.
Apart from the monthly scholarship, the Company will provide you with life & accidental insurance that would
include a cover for you, the premium  cost will be taken care of by Wipro. This is a voluntary benefit offered by the
Company and the details of the same are listed below.
i. A Group Personal Accident Insurance (GPAI) coverage of INR 12, 00,000-.. You could also choose to get
additional coverage for a nominal and highly negotiated premium. More details on the policy are available on
My Policies section in myWipro, the HR portal at Wipro.
ii. Group Life Insurance coverage of Rs.14, 00,000-. This sum insured is inclusive of cover as per EDLI
(Employee Deposit Linked Insurance). You can also get an extra coverage for a nominal and highly negotiated
premium. More details on the policy are available on My Policies Section in myWipro, the HR portal at Wipro.
In addition to the above, you are also eligible for medical insurance cover towards hospitalization.
You are eligible for a floater coverage of Rs 2, 00,000 per annum for family (self, spouse & children) towards
hospitalization. There will be a deduction from your monthly scholarshipstipend depending on your maritalfamily
status towards the base sum insured premium. 10% of the claim amount would need to be borne by the
employeeScholar trainee.
If you wish to enhance the coverage, a top up cover option is also available for a highly negotiated premium. More
details on the policy are available on My Policies Section in myWipro, the HR portal at Wipro.
Base Medical insurance is to be availed by the employee as default. It is accounted for in deductions as a nominal
monthly charge. Top-Up cover is voluntary and charged as applicable during renewal timelines.
The below table lists down your scholarship details
Period Scholarship ESI Consolidated
Scholarship (INR Per
Month)
First year 15000 488 15,488- ()
Second year 17000 553 17,553- ()
Third year 19000 618 19,618- ()
Fourth year 23000 0 23,000- ()
() You shall be responsible for payment of all statutory contributions, taxes, dues and levies as may be required under
the relevant laws including contributions under Employees’ State Insurance Corporation Act (at 0.75% of your
Scholarship) as and when applicable to you. Such contributions, taxes, dues and levies where required, shall be
deducted from your Scholarship and benefits according to applicable laws and regulations.
Your fourth year scholarship will continue until completion of your M Tech program.
The enhancement of the scholarship at the end of each academic year of study will be at the discretion of the
Company and subject to your satisfactory progress of study, acquisition of skills, behavior, regularity and punctuality in
attendance. Your continued enrolment in the course, will be at the discretion of the Company, and is subject to
satisfactory academic performance and other requirements as prescribed in the WILP portal.
In case your project performance at any stage is not found to be at par with the requirement of WILP, then you would
be placed on performance improvement program (PIP). If you fail to successfully complete the PIP, the Company may
at its sole discretion discontinue your enrolment in the WILP program.
Book Allowance
A Book Allowance of INR 1,250- will be provided to you per semester. This allowance will be given every semester
except the last semester when you will be engaged in dissertation. The allowance will be paid to you centrally along
with your scholarship at the beginning of the semester. The allowance will be subject to tax. Book allowance is
applicable only when you are registered for the semester.
Scholarship Advance
You can avail a scholarship advance in case of any personal financial emergency. Details of the policy can be viewed
in the policy section on the WILP portal
4. Training Agreement
i. This letter of enrolment is subject to the execution of a training agreement in the prescribed proforma with
Wipro Limited, Sarjapur Road, Doddakannelli, Bengaluru-560035 on or before joining the program (“Training
Agreement”).
ii. This Training agreement shall be for a total period of 60 Months where you will be mentored for developing your
skills and knowledge. Technical Class Room training will be for a period of 1.5 months and practical experience
and training will be for the next 58.5 months. The Company invests on your behalf for the cost of the training.
Should you discontinue the WILP program or your enrolment with WILP is cancelled for any reason whatsoever,
before the completion of 60 months from the date of joining, the training expenses of Rs. 75,000-(Rupees
Seventy five thousand only) will have to be paid by you as detailed in the Training Agreement.
5. PROJECT READINESS PROGRAM (PRP)
Upon enrolment, you will have to undergo a Project Readiness Program (PRP) to prepare you to participate in
projects. This is offered by Wipro’s - Talent Transformation Department to all campus and off-campus selects. The
broad objective of PRP is to equip you with the necessary knowledge and skills that will enable you to start working on
real-life project work which is an integral part of the WILP.
6. Regulations of Academic study
i. You will be enrolled for M Tech program with a renowned institution (“University”) that collaborates with Wipro
for WILP.
ii. Course specialization includes but is not limited to Software Systems, Software Engineering, Information
Technology, Computing Systems and Infrastructure Management, Data Analytics, IoT, Cloud, Digital & Cyber
security, Embedded Systems.
iii. Your specialization and enrolment would be decided based on prevailing business requirements and decision of
the Company is final and binding.
iv. You will not be able to change Specialization track after enrolment.
v. Overall program duration is 4 years from date of enrolment of academic program.
vi. As per the program structure, a WILP Scholar trainee will register and pursue 4 to 6 courses per semester over
7 semesters.
vii. You will be required to submit a project work  dissertation in your final semester. This will enable you to
advance your professional capabilities by applying concepts and techniques in projects.
viii. Each course has multiple evaluation components. This includes an assignment component, quiz, mid-semester
examination and comprehension examination. All evaluation components are mandatory for securing a pass
grade in a course as prescribed by the partnering institution.
ix. Contact classes are organized as per the handout and calendar prepared and shared by the University at the
beginning of each semester. In the normal course, one session of 2 hours duration per course per contact class
is organized.
x. You will be called upon to undergo studies during the hours and days as may be fixed by the Company from
time to time. Normally, the study hours would be from 900am to 600pm
xi. The faculty will take attendancecirculate attendance sheets for every session. It is your responsibility to ensure
that your attendances are recorded properly.
xii. WILP Scholar trainees are expected to be on time for every session. Punctuality is non-negotiable and the
faculty reserves the right to deny entry and attendance to late comers.
xiii. Attending 75% of contact session is mandatory for each course to appear for examinations.
xiv. Not attending classes for reasons like medicalon the job training late comingpersonal problems and other
similar reasons would be treated as absenteeism.
xv. Scholar trainees who fail to meet the minimum attendance criteria will not qualify for comprehension exams for
any of the registered courses in that semester.
xvi. For any reason, you are not able to meet the minimum attendance criteria or not complete the mandatory
assignments  quiz  examinations in any semester, you are required to repeat the same semester as and when
the next batch is organized. In such cases, rules and regulations governing academic programs at that time
would be applicable. In addition, additional semesters fees are to be borne by you as prescribed by the
University.
xvii. At the end of each semester, the performance of each Scholar Trainee in a course, is specified as a letter grade
which is obtained through a Relative Grading procedure
xviii. Any Scholar trainee securing 3 or more cumulative fail grade at any point in time will be expelled from WILP
Program.
xix. The 8th semester of study is fully devoted for dissertation  project work
xx. If a Scholar trainee’s CGPA is less than 5.5, the Scholar trainee will not be permitted to register for the
dissertation. Heshe has to re-appear for exams and secure a CGPA of 5.5 before taking up the dissertation.
Also, a Scholar trainee with an E grade in any course will not be permitted to register for the Dissertation
xxi. Project  Dissertation work has to be carried out by each individual separately. Teamwork is not permitted.
xxii. The dissertation has to be completed strictly as per the guidelines that are outlined by collaborating institution.
xxiii. WILP Scholar trainees are expected to maintain decorum and discipline in line with Wipro's professional work
culture and environment.
xxiv. In cases where a Scholar trainee deviates from the expected behaviour as prescribed by the WILP and
partnering institution from time to time , strict action will be taken and the decision of the WILP Team  faculty ,
University would be final and binding.
xxv. Breach of integrity will be dealt with sternly. Such Scholar trainees will be asked to discontinue their studies and
also expelled from WILP program.
xxvi. On successful completion of the study, you will be eligible to receive the M. Tech degree from the collaborating
University, in recognition of your successfully completing the course.
Mode of contact session, examination pattern and other academic program norms are subject to change
based on the prevailing situation  University norms declared from time to time. Decision of the University
would be final and binding.
xxvii. All Scholar trainees of the WILP will be given testimonials at the end of the successful completion of the M.
Tech degree program. Scholar trainees being students of the WILP, are not entitled for the issuance of any
experience letter in case they discontinue the WILP for what so ever is the reason. The testimonial contains the
timeline in the WILP and the kind of project works carried during this opportunity
7. Conflict of Interest
i. During your enrolment period with the WILP, you will focus exclusively on the requirements of the program. In
addition to your study and academic requirements, you are required to engage yourself exclusively in the work
assigned by Wipro and shall not take up any independent or individual assignments (whether part time or full
time, in an advisory capacity or otherwise) directly or indirectly without the express written consent of Head 
Manager of WILP Academy
ii. You shall ensure that you shall not, directly or indirectly, engage in any activity or have any interest in, or
perform any services for any person who is involved in activities, which are or shall be in conflict with the
interests of Wipro.
iii. The Conflict of Interest Policy also refers to the need on your part, during your enrolment and for a period of
one year from the cessation of your enrolment with WILP (irrespective of the circumstances of, or the reasons
for, the cessation) not to solicit, induce or encourage
a. Any studentscholar trainee of the WILP to abandon withdraw their enrolment with the program or to
accept enrolment andor employment with any competitor, supplier or any customer with whom you have
a connection.
b. Any employee of Wipro to terminate their employment with Wipro or to accept employment with any
competitor, supplier or any customer with whom you have a connection.
c. Any customer or vendor of Wipro to move their existing business with Wipro to a third party or to
terminate their business relationship with Wipro.
d. Any existing employee andor student of WILP to become associated with, or perform services of any
type for any third party.
iv. In case of any conflict or doubt, please discuss the matter with Head  Manager of WILP, to understand Wipro's
position on this and resolve the conflict.
8. OBLIGATION AND RESPONSIBILITIES
i. During the study period you will be governed by the WILP regulations and instructions as may be modified, from
time to time, in relation to conduct, discipline and other matters.
ii. During your study as part of WILP, Company expects you to undergo study in the area in which you are placed,
with a high standard of initiative and efficiency. This is critical and Company has zero tolerance towards any
deviations.
iii. You would not be allowed to seek membership of any local or public body without the written approval from the
Head  Manager of WILP.
iv. During the study period and thereafter, you would not be allowed to give out to anyone in writing or by word of
mouth or otherwise, particulars or details of work - process, technical know-how, research carried out, security
arrangements, or administrative andor organizational matters of confidential or secret nature which you may
come across during your academic study or become known to you by virtue of your undergoing study under
WILP or otherwise.
v. You are bound by all regulations, instructions and policies of the WILP and Wipro. These are updated  modified
on a periodic basis and new policies may be introduced and notified to Scholar trainees from time to time and
you will be bound to comply with the same.
vi. In consideration of the opportunities, trainings and access to new techniques and know-how that will be made
available to you, you will be required to comply with the Confidentiality Policy of Wipro. Therefore, please
maintain all Confidential Information as defined from time to time in the Confidentiality Policy of Wipro, as secret
and confidential and do not use or disclose any such Confidential Information except as may be required under
obligation of law or as may be required by WILPWipro and in the course of your association with WILP. This
covenant shall endure during your association and beyond the cessation of your association with WILP
(irrespective of the circumstances of, or the reasons for, the cessation).
vii. In connection with your association with Wipro as part of the WILP and during the term of your association upon
conception or creation, you shall disclose and assign to Wipro as its exclusive property, all inventions, ideas,
concepts, discoveries, techniques, and improvements (including without limitation legal documents, training
materials, computer software and associated materials) developed or conceived by you solely or jointly with
others (whether or not during business or academic session hours), and shall comply with the Policies of Wipro
in relation to Intellectual Property.
During the period of academic study, if you develop or conceptualize inventions, ideas, concepts, discoveries,
techniques and improvements (including without limitation computer software) solely or jointly with others in relation to
the operation of the WILP  Wipro, such developments will be fully communicated to the WILP academy and will be the
sole intellectual property of Wipro. You agree to cooperate in the execution of documents to facilitate the assignment of
such intellectual property when required.
9. CONFIDENTIALITY
i. In consideration of the opportunities, training and access to new techniques and know-how that will be made
available to you, you will be required to comply with the Confidentiality Policy of Wipro. Therefore, please
maintain all Confidential Information as defined from time to time in the Confidentiality Policy of Wipro, as secret
and confidential and do not use or disclose any such Confidential Information except as may be required under
obligation of law or as may be required by Wipro and in the course of your enrolment. This covenant shall
endure during your enrolment and beyond the cessation of your enrolment with Wipro (irrespective of the
circumstances of, or the reasons for, the cessation).
ii. During your training on projects at Wipro, you will be expected not to use or disclose any confidential
information, including trade secrets, of any former employer (if any) or other person with whom you have an
obligation of confidentiality and by signing below you affirm that you have no conflicting obligations or noncompete agreements that would prevent you from working without limitation for Wipro.
10. Assignment of Intellectual Property
In connection with your enrolment and during the term of your enrolment, upon conception or creation, you shall
disclose and assign to Wipro as its exclusive property, all inventions, ideas, concepts, discoveries, techniques, and
improvements (including without limitation legal documents, training materials, computer software and associated
materials) developed or conceived by you solely or jointly with others (whether or not during business hours), and shall
comply with the Policies of Wipro in relation to Intellectual Property.
11. Posting
During the initial study period, initially you would be made familiar with Wipro, but you may if needed be re-assigned or
transferred to another division, department, establishment or new location where Wipro, has its office or operation and
WILP classes are running in the particular location, in India, without enhancing the scholarship amount. On placement
of this nature, you will also be governed by the disciplinary rules and regulations as applicable in that unitbranch. You
may also be placed in any sister company of Wipro, for practical studies.
12. Misconduct
i. In case you are charged with any misconduct or disciplinary issue during your study period, your enrolment with
WILP may be temporarily placed on suspension without payment of scholarship amount, for such period as
Wipro may deem fit. If the charges against you are proved to be true, your enrolment may be immediately
cancelled , without any notice or payment of scholarship in lieu of notice not withstanding any clause of this
letter of enrolment. It is clarified that this clause is without prejudice to Wipro’s rights to enforce the Training
Agreement duly signed by you even after cancellation of your enrolment for whatever reasons as the case may
be.
ii. Notwithstanding the condition regarding written notice of termination and without prejudice to Wipro’s right to
enforce the Training agreement, Wipro shall have the right to terminate your academic study without any notice
or payment of scholarship in lieu thereof, if any declaration given or information furnished by you to WILP
Wipro is found to be false or if you are found to have willfully suppressed any material information.
Please note that at any stage, whether during your selection process or upon enrolment with the WILP, if it is
brought to our notice that you have indulged in malpractices or used illegal means to clear your online
assessment, Wipro shall withdraw or revoke the enrolment and cancel the same with immediate effect and we
reserve our rights to take suitable action against you as we may deem fit.
13. Cancellation of Enrolment
Notwithstanding any of the clauses of this letter of enrolment, Company reserves the right at its sole discretion to
cancel this enrolment during the study period without assigning any reason, by giving one months' (30 days) notice or
one month's scholarshipstipend in lieu of notice.
14. Study Hours
i. As a Scholar Trainee – Work Integrated Learning Program, you will be called upon to undergo studies during
the hours and days as may be fixed by WILP from time to time as per the University requirements.
ii. Normally, your “Project work” would be from 830am to 600pm from Monday to Friday. There shall be a 45
minutes lunch interval.
iii. You would be assigned to any of the locations and any project work as part of your WILP as may be decided by
the Company.
iv. The full day lecture sessions will be held at any of Wipro’s other establishmentsoutsourced venue. You may
also be called upon to attend academic study as and when required on holidays, as may be scheduled in
accordance with the convenience of the organizing team of the WILP.
v. The university will plan contact classes in multiple format to suit the project work situations and university
guidelines such as contact classes in ILT (instructor Led training) and  or VILT (virtual Instructor Led Training
and Self-Directed  Recorded lecture sessions.
15. General
i. This letter of enrolment is subject to the condition that you have not provided us with any false declaration or
wilfully suppressed any material information. If you have, you will be liable for cancellation of enrolment from the
WILP without any prior notice.
ii. The terms of this letter of enrolment may be specifically enforced legally, if required. In this connection, if any of
the provisions of this letter are declared or found to be void or unenforceable due to any reason whatsoever, the
remaining provisions of this letter shall continue in full force and effect.
iii. These enrolment terms supersede and replace any existing agreement or understanding, if any, between Wipro
and you relating to the same subject matter.
iv. You warrant that you are not prevented by a court or by any other administrative or judicial order from enrolling
under this agreement. In the event that you are not a citizen of the country of posting, you should have a valid
work permit to work in the country of posting.
v. During the period of enrolment you are required to comply with all policies of WILP and Wipro. These policies
are updated  modified on a periodic basis and new policies may be introduced and notified to the Scholar
Trainees from time to time. You agree to comply with all policies as modified from time to time.
16. On CompletionCancellation of Academic Program
i. On Completion of the academic program or cancellation of your enrolment , as the case may be, you will
immediately surrender to Wipro the Academy all specifications, formulae, documents, literature, drawings or
records, etc. belonging to Wipro the Academy or relating to its business and shall not make or retain any
copies of these items.
ii. You are not eligible to receive testimonial certificate if you do not successfully complete the academic study in
accordance with this letter of enrolment and the study scheme formulated by the Academy.
iii. Wipro reserves the right to offer employment at its sole discretion to a Scholar trainee on successful and
satisfactory completion of the academic study.
17. Acceptance of Enrolment Letter
Upon accepting the above terms and conditions, you are required to return the duplicate of this letter of enrolment,
duly signed by you as a token of your acceptance on the day of joining WILP program.
Please confirm that the above terms are acceptable to you and that you accept the enrolment by signing a copy of this
letter of enrolment and submit the same on the date of joining.
Yours sincerely,
For Wipro Limited,
Aparna Shailen
General Manager - Human Resources
I have read, understood and agree to accept the enrolment on the terms and conditions herein.
I shall be present for the induction session on