Job Offer Letter Templates
Job offer letter templates make the onboarding process fast, easy, and simple. It gives you a
standardised way to onboard your new employees that makes sure the working relationship goes off to
a smooth start.
I’ll show you a job offer letter template example you can use. Feel free to copy and customise it to fit the
role and your company culture.
Template for job offer letter
Hey [name],
Following on from our call, we’re writing to formally invite you to join us as a member of xxx, as a [role].
As we’ve discussed, if you accept, your start date with us would be [date].
It’s been a pleasure getting to know you throughout the interview process. We’re very excited to have you
join us and help us deliver an excellent service to our customers. We’ve all loved getting to know you so
far, and we’re excited to have you join the team.
As a company, we will face many exciting challenges over the coming months and years.
Adjustments & accommodations
Please let me know if you have any adjustments or accommodations that you’d need support with so we
can make sure we’re setting you up for success :)
Compensation Package
Salary: you’ll be joining us on a base of £[x] per annum.
Pension: xxx
Holiday: All our team enjoy 25 days of holiday, plus public holidays.
Other benefits: xxx
Probation
xxx from your start date will mark the end of your probation period. We see this time as an opportunity to
focus on getting to know our processes and culture, and to mark the early days of your time here.
Standard Job Offer Letter Template
Use Charlie to automate your HR processes - Try it for free
Try for free
Take free trial of CharlieHR
Save yourself hours every week – and spend it building
a happy, high-performing team instead
What you should do now
Please take the time to consider our offer and respond in writing within 5 working days to confirm if you’ll
be joining us. If you have any questions about it, you can ask me directly.
Best wishes,
[Your name]
P.S. Our culture runs on feedback, so we’d love to know your thoughts on our hiring process…