Dear Mr Santanu Banerjee,
We are pleased to inform you that you are hereby appointed as a “Digital
Marketing and Lead Generation Manager” with effect from 3
rd March 2021,
in our organization to be based at our office at DL - 54, DL Block, Sector II,
Bidhannagar, Kolkata, West Bengal 700091 as discussed and agreed upon under the
following terms and conditions:
1. You will be entitled to a monthly salary of Rs. 26,500/- per month and
other benefits as applicable to your category of employees, details of
which are enclosed.
2. Your job functions and responsibilities will be explained and advised to
you by your Departmental Head or any person nominated by him/her.
3. It is expected that you will discharge your assigned responsibilities with
its highest standard of performance, quality, integrity, and discipline.
4. You will be on probation for a period of 6 months from the date of your
joining. The probation period may be extended for such terms as may be
considered appropriate by the Management. Upon satisfactory
completion of your probation, your services will be confirmed by written order
of the Company. (In probation period casual Leave will not be counted).
5. You shall, while in the services of the company, devote your full time and
attention exclusively for the Company’s work and responsibilities
assigned to you. You shall not engage in any other commercial/business
pursuit, either part time or otherwise, for any monetary gains.
6. You shall be obliged to follow the work process, technical standards,
protocols and general instructions issued thereof, and service rules of the
Company as in force and/or amended from time to time.
7. If any information furnished or declaration given by you in regard to your
employment to the Company is found to be false or any material
information willfully suppressed, your appointment would be liable for
termination without any notice or compensation.
8. Taxes: Taxes will be deducted as per existing tax laws with
additions/deductions.
9. In case you want to discontinue your service, you must serve 60 days
prior written notice of your intension to do so.
10. In case the company wants to terminate your service, the company will
provide you 15 days prior written notice.
11. Working Hours:- You are required to abide by the company’s working
hours and carry out the duties as may be assigned from time to time. The
working hours are from 09:00 am to 06:00 pm; Monday to Friday (if
Company requires, you may have to come on Saturday).
12. About holiday list & Rules of the office:- you can get the details from your
HR Manager or Office notice board.
We look forward to working together to build a successful business and
career.
Your sincerely,
Dipak Tewary (CEO)
Reddensoft Infotech Pvt. Ltd.
Declaration : You are requested to sign this letter, signifying your
acceptance of the same, for our records.
Date: Place:
Name Santanu Banerjee Signature