April 29 2022

Prafull Singh
NTPC Tanda, Near Gate-2 ,Vill- Fatehpur Kanhuara P.O- Makhdoom Nagar, Ambedkar Nagar, Uttar Pradesh, - 224190

Dear Prafull Singh,
We are pleased to offer you the position of Software Engineer at Tekion India Private Limited (the “Company”). The terms
and conditions of our offer are set out in this letter.
Cost to Company
Your total Cost to Company will be INR 19,000,000/- (Nineteen Lakh Only) per annum. The detailed salary break-up is
mentioned in Annexure A.
The Company shall withhold the appropriate amount of Indian income taxes from the salary paid to you. You shall be
responsible for filing your personal returns and comply with other requirements under Indian tax law.
Joining Bonus
As part of the offer, you have been extended a one-time Joining bonus of INR 100,000 (One Lakh Only) subject to
applicable withholding taxes. The full Joining bonus amount (as stated above) is recoverable if you voluntarily leave the
Company within Twelve months of joining.
Relocation Bonus
As part of the offer, you have been extended a one-time Relocation bonus of INR 100,000 (One Lakh Only) subject to
applicable withholding taxes. The full relocation bonus amount (as stated above) is recoverable if you voluntarily leave the
Company within Twelve months of joining.
Stock Options
We will recommend to the Board of Directors of our parent company, Tekion Corp. (“Tekion”), that you be granted the
opportunity to purchase up to 4,000 (Four Thousand Only) shares of common stock of Tekion under Tekion’s 2016 Equity
Incentive Plan (the “Plan”) at the fair market value of Tekion’s common stock, as determined by the Board of Directors on
the date the Board approves such grant. These shares shall vest as follows:
(a) 4,000 of the shares you will be given the opportunity to purchase will vest at the rate of twenty-five percent (25%) of
the shares at the end of your anniversary with the Company for the first year and from there after it will be monthly
vesting, so long as you remain employed by the Company.
Please note that the grant of such options is subject to approval by the Board of Directors of Tekion and this promise to
recommend such approval is not a promise of compensation and is not intended to create any obligation on the part of
the Company. Further details on the Plan and any specific option grant to you will be provided upon approval of such
grant by Tekion’s Board of Directors.
Appointment
You have been made an offer as Software Engineer

(a) The place of employment shall be Bangalore and the normal office timings will be from 9:30AM to 6:30 PM. However,
Tekion India Private Limited | #680, Fortuna-1, 8th Main, 15th Cross, JP Nagar 2nd Phase, Bangalore -560078, India
www.tekion.com | www.linkedin.com/company/tekion/ | @tekioncorp | CIN: U72500KA2016FTC093023
depending on the time constraints within which the Company may have to provide services to its clients, you will
undertake to make yourself available in respect of the business of the Company during such times.
(b) You may also be transferred, seconded or deputed to any of our associate, sister concerns, subsidiaries, group
company or any other affiliated companies/concerns/organizations/firms with whom the Company may make an
arrangement or agreement from time to time. In such cases of transfer, you will be governed by the relocation policies
and policies of the Company existing at that time.
Policies, Procedures, Rules & Regulations
You shall, in addition to the terms and conditions of employment specifically stated herein, also be governed by the rules,
regulations and such other practices, systems, procedures and policies framed, amended, modified or omitted by the
Company from time to time.
You will also be governed by statutory laws enacted by Central or State Government or local authorities as may be
applicable to you from time to time including but not limited to the provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988
of India, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, 1977 of the United States of America and the Bribery Act 2010 of the United
Kingdom. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you represent and covenant that you have not, and shall not,
at any time, during your employment with the Company, pay, give, or offer or promise to pay or give, any money or any
other thing of value, directly or indirectly, to, or for the benefit of: (i) any public servant, government official, political party
or candidate for political office; or (ii) any other person, firm, corporation or other entity, with knowledge that some, or all
of that money, or other thing of value will be paid, given, offered or promised to a public servant, government official,
political party or candidate for political office, for the purpose of obtaining or retaining any business, or to obtain any other
unfair advantage, in connection with the Company's business.
Leave and Holidays
You will be eligible to the leaves and holidays in accordance with the policy of the Company as may be declared from
time to time.
Probation Period
You will be on probation for a period of 6 (Six) months from the date of your joining the Company, where after, if your
services are found satisfactory, you will be confirmed by means of a written intimation. During the probationary period
your employment can be terminated by the Company as per applicable law. The Company reserves the right to reduce,
dispense with or extend your probation period at its absolute discretion.
During the period of probation, your services shall be terminable by giving one month’s notice or one month’s basic pay
in lieu thereof on either side at the sole discretion of the Company management.
Duties and Responsibilities
You shall perform the duties and undertake responsibilities within the mandate of work place and office policies of the
Company, as modified from time to time, at the discretion of the Company, and shall use sincere and dedicated efforts to
effectively carry out all duties and responsibilities assigned to you by the manager/supervisor and others authorized by
the Company to assign such duties and responsibilities.
You agree that you shall not at any time during the term of this Agreement, without the prior written consent of the
Tekion India Private Limited | #680, Fortuna-1, 8th Main, 15th Cross, JP Nagar 2nd Phase, Bangalore -560078, India
www.tekion.com | www.linkedin.com/company/tekion/ | @tekioncorp | CIN: U72500KA2016FTC093023
Company, be engaged, employed, concerned or interested, directly or indirectly, in any other employment, business or
occupation that may conflict with your duties to the Company.
Employee Invention Assignment and Confidentiality Agreement
As a condition of your employment with the Company, on or prior to joining, you will be required to execute with the
Company, an Employee Invention Assignment and Confidentiality Agreement, as per a draft provided by the Company.
The Company reserves the right to terminate your employment in case of any breach or non-compliance on your part of
the terms of such agreement.
Sensitive and Personal Data or Information
The Company may, in connection with your employment, collect sensitive personal data or information (“SPDI”) relating
to you. Such SPDI may be collected from you and some limited SPDI may be recorded directly or indirectly by internal
security systems or by other means. By accepting our offer, you expressly consent to the following: (i) the collection, use,
processing and storage of your SPDI; (ii) the transfer worldwide of your SPDI held by the Company to other employees
and offices of the Company’s worldwide organisation and to third parties where disclosure to such third parties is required
in the normal course of business or by law; (iii) that you shall have read and understood the Company’s privacy policy, as
and when implemented, in relation to the collection, processing, use, storage and transfer of SPDI and you agree to the
terms thereof; (iv) use of your personal images and voices in marketing material, videos, etc.; and (v) treating any personal
data to which you have access in the course of your employment strictly in accordance with Company policies and
procedures and not using any such data other than in connection with and except to the extent necessary for the purposes
for which it was disclosed to you.
Non-Disparagement
During the term of your employment with the Company and at all times thereafter, you will not make any false, defamatory
or disparaging statements about the Company, or the employees, officers or directors of the Company that are reasonably
likely to cause damage to any such entity or person.
Terms of Termination of Employment
Following the successful completion of your probationary period, either party can terminate this employment by serving
a notice of one month on the other. The Company may, at its sole option, pay salary in lieu of the notice period to terminate
employment with immediate effect.
The Company reserves the right to terminate your employment immediately without notice or payment in lieu of notice if
you are found guilty of misconduct or negligence or have committed any breach of the terms and conditions of this offer.
Consequences of Termination of Employment
You hereby agree that upon termination of this Agreement by either of the Company or you, you shall return all the
properties belonging to the Company in its possession as per the instructions of the Company and hand over charge to
the designated representative of the Company. You also agree that failure to return the property of the Company upon
termination shall be deemed to be criminal breach of trust.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
Your employment with the Company shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of India. The Company
and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of competent courts situated at Bangalore and waive any objection
Tekion India Private Limited | #680, Fortuna-1, 8th Main, 15th Cross, JP Nagar 2nd Phase, Bangalore -560078, India
www.tekion.com | www.linkedin.com/company/tekion/ | @tekioncorp | CIN: U72500KA2016FTC093023
to such proceedings on grounds of venue or on the grounds that the proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient
forum.
This offer of employment and your commencement and continuation of employment with the Company is conditional
upon:
(a) where relevant, the obtaining of all required employment and/or visa approvals from the relevant government
authorities to enable you to work with the Company;
(b) Company’s satisfaction with the results of any required reference and background checks as well as verification of your
employment and salary history; and
(c) your full and complete disclosure to the Company of any and all agreements (non-competition, non-solicitation,
employment, confidentiality or otherwise) with any prior employer, clients, principals, partners or others which in any
way limit you either contractually or otherwise from engaging in any business activities required or contemplated by
the Company in this offer of employment.
Any false information provided by you or at your request may result in the Company’s withdrawal of this offer or immediate
termination of your employment with no payment in lieu of notice or any other compensation to you.
We are pleased to have you as a member of the Company, and we look forward to working with you. We hope you will
find the Company a great and rewarding place to be.
To indicate your acceptance of this offer, please review, sign and return one copy of this offer letter along with the signed
Tekion Employee Invention Assignment and Confidentiality Agreement. This offer expires five days from the date of this
letter. If you do not accept or begin employment by the required date, Company reserves the right to withdraw this
offer of employment.
You are required to treat this offer letter and its contents as strictly confidential and should not disclose the same to any
person or entity (except to your advisors, attorneys and accountants) without our prior written consent.
Should you have any queries or require any clarification of any points, please do not hesitate to contact the Human
Resources Team.
Best regards,
Sowmya Mallaiah
Director - Human Resources, Tekion India Private Limited