The Fair Work Ombudsman is committed to providing you with advice that you can rely on.
The information contained in this template is general in nature. If you are unsure about how it applies to your situation you
can call our Infoline on 13 13 94 or speak with a union, industry association or a workplace relations professional.
Letter of a successful probation period template
You can use this letter to provide an employee with written confirmation that his or her
employment will continue beyond the probation period (if applicable). You are not required by
law to provide a letter like this or to have employees on probation.
Information you will need to fill in:
 the end date of the probation period
 that the probation ended successfully, and
 the start date of the person’s ongoing employment with the business.
Please note, a probation period does not affect any entitlements employees receive under the
National Employment Standards or a modern award, such as annual leave, personal leave, and
notice of termination. The probation period may be different to the minimum employment period
for unfair dismissal applications.
Suggested steps for preparing a letter of successful probation
period
If at any time you need more information or assistance, call the Fair Work Infoline on 13 13 94
or visit www.fairwork.gov.au.
Step 1: Create your letter of a successful probation period
It is best practice to confirm with your employee that his or her employment will continue beyond the
probation period. The letter should be given to the employee before the end of the probation period.
When drafting the letter you should:
 review the letter of engagement to check the length of the probation period, and
 check whether the relevant industrial instrument (e.g. an award or an enterprise agreement)
contains any compulsory rules about probation.
This template has been colour coded to assist you to complete it accurately. You simply need to
replace the red < > writing with what applies to your employee and situation. Explanatory information
is shown in blue italics to assist you and should be deleted once you have finished the letter.
Step 2: Meet with the employee
While it is best practice to meet with an employee towards the end of their probation period, there is
not a legislative requirement to do so.
Meeting face to face is an opportunity for you to:
 provide feedback to the employee about their performance or conduct, and
 explain why the probation period was successful.
Step 3: Keep a copy of the letter of successful probation period
Keep a copy of the letter given to the employee and document the meeting for your records.
PLEASE KEEP A COPY OF THIS LETTER FOR YOUR RECORDS
<Print on your business letterhead>
<Date>
Private and confidential
<Insert employee’s full name>
<Insert employee’s residential address>
Dear <insert name>
Probation successful
Your probation period with <insert company/partnership/sole trader name and the trading name of the
business> is due to end on <insert date>.
I am pleased to confirm your ongoing employment effective <immediately/from <insert date that is
either on or before the first day after the probation period is due to end>>.
The terms and conditions of employment set out in your original <contract/letter of engagement>
dated <insert date> will continue to apply to your ongoing position.
Thank you for your contribution to <insert business name>.
Yours sincerely,
<Insert name>
<Insert position>