

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SERVICE PROVIDER AGREEMENT 
 
dated 
 
18 SEPTEMBER 2020 
 
between 
 
EIH LIMITED 
 
and 
 
PRESSMAN ADVERTISING LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Bengaluru (Bangalore) 
Embassy Quest, 3rd Floor 
45/1, Magrath Road 
Bangalore 560 025 
T: +91 80 2559 7466  
F: +91 80 2559 7452 
E: bangalore@khaitanco.com 
  
Kolkata (Calcutta) 
Emerald House 
1B Old Post Office Street 
Kolkata 700 001 
T: +91 33 2248 7000 
F: +91 33 2248 7452 
E: kolkata@khaitanco.com  
Mumbai (Bombay) 
One World Centre 
10th & 13th Floor, Tower 1 
Mumbai 400 013 
T: + 91 22 6636 5000 
F: +91 22 6636 5050 
E: mumbai@khaitanco.com 
Noida 
Max Towers, 7th & 8th Floors 
Sector 16B, Noida 
Gautam Buddh Nagar 201 301 
T: +91 11 4151 5454 
F: +91 11K 4151 5318 
E: delhi@khaitanco.com 
 
 
 

 
1 | 22 
This SERVICE PROVIDER AGREEMENT (THE “AGREEMENT”) is entered into at New Delhi on this 18th 
day of September 2020, by and between: 
 
EIH LIMITED, a company incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956, having its registered office at 
4 Mangoe Lane, Kolkata - 700 001, and its corporate office at 7 Sham Nath Marg, Delhi - 110 054 
(hereinafter referred to as the “Issuer” / the “Company”, which expression shall, unless it be 
repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include its successors and 
permitted assigns) of the FIRST PART; 
 
AND 
 
PRESSMAN ADVERTISING LIMITED, a company registered under the Companies Act, 1956, having its 
office at Pressman House, 10A Lee Road, Kolkata - 700 020 (hereinafter referred to as the “Agency”, 
which expression shall, unless it be repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to mean 
and include its successors and permitted assigns), of the SECOND PART; 
 
The Company and the Agency are hereinafter individually referred to as a “Party” and collectively as 
“Parties”. 
 
WHEREAS 
 
(A) 
The Company is proposing to issue equity shares of face value ₹ 2 each (the “Rights Equity 
Shares”) to its existing shareholders as of the record date determined by the Company (the 
“Record Date”, and such shareholders, the “Eligible Equity Shareholders”) on a rights basis 
for an amount aggregating up to ₹ 3,500 million in accordance with the provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and the rules made thereunder, as amended (“Companies Act”) and the 
provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2018, as amended (“SEBI ICDR Regulations”) along with the 
relevant circulars, guidelines and regulations issued by the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (“SEBI”) and other applicable statutory and / or regulatory requirements at such terms 
and conditions as may be decided by the Company (“Issue”), in consultation with Ambit 
Capital Private Limited, the lead manager appointed for the Issue (“Lead Manager”). 
 
(B) 
The Board of Directors of the Company, pursuant to the resolution passed on September 7, 
2020, has authorized the Issue. 
 
(C) 
The Company, subject to receipt of requisite approvals, is proposing to file a letter of offer 
(the “Letter of Offer”) with the SEBI, BSE Limited, the National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
and The Calcutta Stock Exchange Limited (collectively, the “Stock Exchanges”). 
 
(D) 
The Company has approached the Agency to provide advertising and media services in 
relation to the Issue, and the Agency has consented to provide its professional services to the 
Company for advertising and media relations in respect of the Issue on the terms as mutually 
set out in this Agreement.  
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual representations, warranties and 
covenants set forth in this Agreement, the Parties hereby agree as follows: 
 
1. 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
 

 
2 | 22 
1.1. 
In this Agreement (including the recitals above), except where the context otherwise requires, 
the following words and expressions shall mean the following. In the event of any 
inconsistencies or discrepancies, the definitions in the Issue Documents (as defined 
hereunder) shall prevail: 
 
“Abridged Letter of Offer” shall mean the abridged letter of offer to be sent to the Eligible 
Equity Shareholders of our Company with respect to the Issue in accordance with SEBI ICDR 
Regulations and the Companies Act; 
 
“Adverse Reporting” shall mean any misreporting, adverse or negative reporting in any media, 
relating to the Company, its subsidiaries, its joint venture, or the Issue, and any reporting not 
supported by the disclosures in the Letter of Offer); 
 
“Advertisement” includes notices, brochures, corrigenda, circulars, pamphlets, cover pages 
of the Issue Documents, show cards, catalogues, hoardings, placards, posters, insertions in 
newspaper, pictures and films in any print media or electronic media, radio and television 
program, or through any other electronic media including, but not limited to, online media; 
 
“Affiliate” shall mean (a) any other person that, directly or indirectly, through one or more 
intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with such person, (b) 
any other person which is a holding company, subsidiary or joint venture of such person, 
and/or (c) any other person in which such person has a “significant influence” or which has 
“significant influence” over such person, where “significant influence” over a person is the 
power to participate in the management, financial or operating policy decisions of that person 
but is less than control over those policies and that shareholders beneficially holding, directly 
or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, a 20% or more interest in the voting power 
of that person are presumed to have a significant influence over that person. In addition, the 
“Promoters” and the members of the “Promoter Group” are deemed to be Affiliates of the 
Company. As used in this definition of Affiliate, the term “control” shall mean “control” under 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) 
Regulations, 2011. For the purposes of this definition, (i) the terms “holding company” and 
“subsidiary” have the meanings set forth in Sections 2(46) and 2(87) of the Companies Act, 
2013 respectively and (ii) the terms “Promoters” and “Promoter Group” shall have the 
respective meanings set forth in the Issue Documents and in the SEBI ICDR Regulations; 
 
“Agency” shall mean Pressman Advertising Limited; 
 
“Agreement” shall have the meaning as ascribed to it in the Preamble to this Agreement; 
 
“Applicable Law” shall mean any applicable law, regulation, byelaw, rule, guideline, circular, 
order, notification, regulatory policy (including any requirement under, or notice of, any 
regulatory body), compulsory guidance, rule, order or decree of any court or any arbitral 
authority, or directive, delegated or subordinate legislation in any applicable jurisdiction, 
within or outside India, including any applicable law in any relevant jurisdiction, including the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992, the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 
1956, the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957, the Companies Act, 2013 read with 
the rules, regulations, clarifications and modifications thereunder, the SEBI ICDR Regulations, 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and rules and regulations 
thereunder, and the guidelines, instructions, rules, communications, circulars and regulations 

 
3 | 22 
issued by the Government of India, the jurisdictional Registrar of Companies, SEBI, the 
Reserve Bank of India, or by any other governmental authority and similar agreements, rules, 
regulations, orders and directions in force in other jurisdictions where there is any offer or 
sale of the Rights Equity Shares as part of the Issue; 
 
“Applicable Period” shall mean the period commencing from the date of signing this 
Agreement till the date on which the trading of the Rights Equity Shares commences on the 
Stock Exchanges; 
 
“Companies Act” shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Recital A; 
 
“Company” shall mean EIH Limited; 
  
“Confidential Information” shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 8.2; 
 
“Effective Date” means 18 September 2020; 
 
“Eligible Equity Shareholders” shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Recital A; 
 
" Issue” shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Recital A; 
 
“Issue Advertisement” shall mean any Advertisement made by the Company, subject to the 
applicable provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Companies Act in connection with 
the Issue inter-alia including any statutory advertisement, advertisement for opening or 
closure of the Issue, announcement of Record Date and basis of allotment, including any 
amendments, notices, addendum and corrigendum thereto; 
 
“Issue Documents” shall mean the Letter of Offer, the Abridged Letter of Offer, the application 
form, and all other documents issued in relation to the Issue, together with all amendments, 
corrections, supplements or notices to investors, for use in connection with the Issue; 
 
“Lead Manager” shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Recital A; 
 
“Publicity Material” includes corporate advertisements, Issue Advertisements, and other 
Advertisements of the Company, its Subsidiary, its Joint Venture, interviews by its Promoters, 
Directors, or duly authorised employees or other Company Representatives of the Company, 
documentaries about the Company, its Promoters or its Subsidiaries, or its Joint Ventures, 
periodical reports and press releases in newspapers, pictures, films, any other print medium, 
radio, television programmes or in any other electronic medium including, but not limited to, 
online media; 
 
“Publicity Memorandum” shall mean the memorandum setting out the guidelines and 
restrictions on publicity, in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, Companies Act and 
any other applicable law, prepared by the legal advisor appointed for the Issue and provided 
to the Company in connection with the Issue; 
 
“Rights Equity Shares” shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Recital A; 
 
“Record Date” shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Recital A; 
 

 
4 | 22 
“Letter of Offer” shall mean the letter of offer to be filed with SEBI and the Stock Exchanges; 
 
“Promoters” shall mean the promoters of the Company, namely, being Prithviraj Singh Oberoi, 
Shib Sanker Mukherji, Vikramjit Singh Oberoi, Arjun Singh Oberoi, Deepak Madhok, Aravali 
Polymers LLP, Bombay Plaza Private Limited, Oberoi Buildings and Investments Private 
Limited, Oberoi Holdings Private Limited, Oberoi Hotels Private Limited, Oberoi Investments 
Private Limited, Oberoi Leasing and Finance Company Private Limited, Oberoi Plaza Private 
Limited and Oberoi Properties Private Limited; 
 
“SEBI Circular” shall mean the SEBI circular bearing no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2020/78 
dated May 6, 2020; 
 
“Service Fees” shall mean the professional fee plus applicable will be paid for the scope of 
services mentioned under this Agreement; 
 
“Stock Exchanges” shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Recital C; 
 
1.2. 
Interpretation 
 
In this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires: 
 
(a) 
words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa; 
 
(b) 
words denoting a person shall include an individual, corporation, company, 
partnership, trust or other entity; 
 
(c) 
heading and bold type face are only for convenience and shall be ignored for the 
purposes of interpretation; 
 
(d) 
references to the word “include” or “including” shall be construed without limitation; 
 
(e) 
references to this Agreement or to any other agreement, deed or other instrument 
shall be construed as a reference to such agreement, deed, or other instrument as the 
same may from time to time be amended, varied, supplemented or noted or any 
replacement or novation thereof; 
 
(f) 
a reference to an article, clause, section, paragraph or annexure is, unless indicated 
to the contrary, a reference to an article, clause, section, paragraph or annexure of 
this Agreement; 
 
(g) 
unless otherwise defined, reference to the word ‘days’ shall mean calendar days; 
 
(h) 
capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the same 
meanings assigned to such terms in the Issue Documents; 
 
(i) 
reference to any legislation or law or to any provision thereof shall include references 
to any such law as it may, after the date hereof, from time to time, be amended, 
supplemented or re-enacted, and any reference to a statutory provision shall include 
any subordinate legislation made from time to time under that provision; 
 

 
5 | 22 
(j) 
the recitals, schedules and annexures hereto shall constitute an integral part of this 
Agreement; and 
 
(k) 
time is of the essence in the performance of the Parties’ respective obligations. If any 
time period specified herein is extended, such extended time shall also be of the 
essence. 
 
2. 
OBJECTIVES 
 
The Agency, through a publicity relations and media monitoring program, shall strive to 
achieve the following objectives, which shall comply with Applicable Law: 
 
(a) 
Creating awareness amongst investors about the Issue, subject to the provisions of 
the SEBI ICDR Regulations and other Applicable Law. 
 
(b) 
Assisting the Company in providing a compliance report on media coverage related to 
the Issue as per the provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, which media coverage 
shall include coverage of (a) newspapers in which the pre-Issue Advertisements, as 
per the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the SEBI Circular are published and in any other 
newspapers that may be mutually decided between the Company in consultation with 
the Lead Manager and the Agency, in writing, (b) print and electronic media controlled 
by a media group where the media group has a private treaty / shareholders’ 
agreement with the Company or the Promoters, as informed by the Company to 
Agency, to the extent applicable.  
 
(c) 
Formulating the overall advertisement plan for the Issue in line with media plan along 
with the timing, frequency, size and publication details and launching a corporate 
campaign, if required, including in the print, outdoor, electronic, radio, online media 
and any other medium as advised by the Company in consultation with the Lead 
Manager, in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. 
 
(d) 
Coordinating with the Lead Manager and the legal counsel appointed in relation to 
the Issue for prior approvals on all Publicity Material issued during the Applicable 
Period. 
 
(e) 
Assisting the Company in managing crisis situations, if any, during the Issue.  
 
3. 
SCOPE OF SERVICES 
 
3.1. 
The Agency will assist the Company in all aspects of corporate and Issue related Publicity 
Material and Issue Advertisements in accordance with the guidelines and restrictions for 
publicity and publicity materials provided in the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the SEBI Circular. 
The Agency hereby acknowledges that it is well versed with the requirements specified under 
Regulation 83, in Chapter III and Schedule IX, along with other applicable provisions of the 
SEBI ICDR Regulations, other Applicable Law in connection with the Issue, and the Publicity 
Memorandum.  
 
3.2. 
The Agency shall bring to the notice of the Company, the Lead Manager, and the legal counsel 
appointed in relation to the Issue, any misreporting, adverse or negative reporting in any 
media, relating to the Company, its subsidiaries, its joint venture, or the Issue, and any 
reporting not supported by the disclosures in the Letter of Offer (together, “Adverse 

 
6 | 22 
Reporting”), immediately upon becoming aware of such Adverse Reporting. The Agency shall 
also assist the Company and the Lead Manager in taking appropriate steps in relation to any 
Adverse Reporting. 
 
3.3. 
The Agency will assist the Company in managing media relations in relation to the Issue, 
including the dissemination of Publicity Material, till the date on which the Rights Equity 
Shares are allotted, and as a condition to the release of any Publicity Material and / or Issue 
Advertisements issued by the Company and / or any Company representative during the term 
of this Agreement, obtain consent from the Lead Manager and the counsel appointed in 
relation to the Issue. 
 
3.4. 
The Agency will prepare various Issue Advertisements and other Publicity Material, including 
all statutory advertisements in connection with the Issue and submit them to the Company, 
the Lead Manager, and the legal counsel appointed in relation to the Issue respectively for 
their approval. The Agency undertakes to follow the guidelines and restrictions for publicity 
and publicity materials provided in the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the SEBI Circular in this 
regard. 
 
3.5. 
The Agency shall prepare the pre-Issue Advertisements in accordance with the SEBI ICDR 
Regulations and SEBI Circular. The Agency will assist the Company in publishing the pre-Issue 
Advertisements in additional newspapers (over and above the statutory newspapers in terms 
of SEBI ICDR Regulations) and digital Advertisements through audio / visual means (if 
required), among others, to disseminate the information about the Issue and the manner in 
which the Eligible Equity Shareholders to whom the Letter of Offer and other Issue Documents 
have not been sent may apply. Further, the Agency agrees to assist the Company to design, 
create and publish the Issue Advertisements through television channels, radio, internet, 
chatbots or any other means, including in the form of L-bands, aston bands, crawlers or 
tickers, to disseminate, among others, information relating to the application process to apply 
in the Issue. 
 
3.6. 
The Agency will release the approved Issue Advertisements and Publicity Material as per the 
media plan and release schedule approved by the Company in consultation with the Lead 
Manager.  
 
3.7. 
The Agency undertakes to release the Issue Advertisements and / or other Publicity Material, 
as applicable, only after approval of the Company, the Lead Manager and the legal counsel 
appointed in relation to the Issue has been received for the Issue Advertisements, Publicity 
Material, media plan, and the release schedule. 
 
3.8. 
The Agency shall track media coverage of the publications related to the Company and the 
Promoters, in terms of clause 2 (b), on a daily and weekly basis and provide details thereof to 
the Company and the Lead Manager. 
 
3.9. 
The Agency shall, on each working day from the date of this Agreement or the date of the 
Letter of Offer, whichever is earlier, until the listing and commencement of trading of the 
Rights Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges, track media coverage related to the Company 
and provide copies of such media coverage to the Lead Manager, the Company, and the legal 
counsel appointed in relation to the Issue on their e-mail addresses. For media coverage 
related to the Company being published and / or disseminated on days other than a working 
day, the Agency shall provide copies on the next working day. 
 

 
7 | 22 
3.10. 
Pursuant to clause (11) of Schedule IX of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and other Applicable Law, 
the Agency would provide to the Lead Manager, the Company and the legal counsel appointed 
in relation to the Issue, on a weekly basis during the Applicable Period, a report along with 
copies of all news reports and Advertisements issued in relation to the Company appearing in 
media, including in (i) all editions of any English national daily newspaper with wide 
circulation, Hindi national daily newspaper with wide circulation and regional language 
newspaper with wide circulation or such other newspapers where the Issue Advertisements 
are published; (ii) print and electronic media controlled by a media group where the media 
group has a private treaty / shareholders ’agreement with the Company or the Promoters to 
the extent applicable (the details of which shall be promptly provided by the Company or the 
Promoters, as the case may be, to the Agency, the Lead Manager, and the legal counsel 
appointed in relation to the Issue), from the date of this Agreement or the Letter of Offer, 
whichever is earlier, through email to the relevant persons, along with a scanned attachment 
of the news reports, Advertisements and other publications as detailed above. 
 
3.11. 
The Agency shall provide all the relevant information required to be submitted under clause 
(11) of Schedule IX of the SEBI ICDR Regulations in the form of a report in the format specified 
in Part E of Schedule X of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and as set forth in Annexure A and such 
report shall be provided through e-mails along with the scanned attachment of the news 
reports, Advertisements, etc. as detailed in clause 3.9 above to the Lead Manager. The Agency 
confirms, represents and acknowledges that the Company, Lead Manager, and their 
respective advisors can rely on the Agency’s reports and copies of media coverage provided 
pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, including for providing compliance certificate, 
as required under clause (11) of Schedule IX of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, to SEBI in this 
regard. 
 
3.12. 
The Agency undertakes and represents to the Company and the Lead Manager that it would 
adhere to all the requirements as provided in the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the SEBI Circular 
relating to Issue Advertisements and Publicity Material prepared or issued by the Agency. 
 
3.13. 
The Agency represents that the amendments or corrections proposed by the Company, the 
Lead Manager, and the legal counsel appointed in relation to the Issue will be incorporated in 
letter and in spirit. 
 
3.14. 
The Agency shall develop and place all the Issue Advertisements or Advertisements otherwise 
concerning the Issue as prescribed in the SEBI ICDR Regulations and other relevant provisions 
of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Companies Act, 2013, in accordance with the Publicity 
Memorandum or as may be specifically instructed by the Company or the Lead Manager.  
 
3.15. 
The Agency represents that they will not directly or indirectly induce others to carry out in any 
manner the publicity which may be restricted under the SEBI ICDR Regulations. 
 
3.16. 
The Agency shall report any supplementary information that may be added to the Letter of 
Offer at a later stage. The Agency will be responsible for preparing and issuing any corrigenda 
and / or Issue Advertisement in connection with any supplementary information that may be 
added to the Letter of Offer in connection with the Issue at a later stage. 
 
4. 
SERVICING TEAM 
 
A team from the Agency will service the Company. The team will be supported by the branch 
network and representatives of the markets covered under this Agreement.  

 
8 | 22 
 
5. 
COMMERCIAL TERMS 
 
5.1. 
For Statutory Advertisements and Media Monitoring 
 
5.1.1. For the scope of services mentioned under this Agreement, towards media monitoring, the 
Agency will be paid a professional fee of ₹ 100,000 plus applicable -goods and services taxes 
(“Service Fees”).  
 
5.2. 
For Issue Advertisements other than Statutory Advertisements 
 
5.2.1. The Agency will be paid as per the approved media estimate for all other Issue-related 
Advertisements released in connection with the Issue. 
 
5.2.2. All other costs reasonably and properly incurred, by the Agency for the advertising would be 
reimbursed by the Company at actuals. The Agency would provide supporting documents in 
respect of such costs. Further, any out of pocket expenses should be with prior consent in 
writing of the Company.  
 
5.2.3. The third-party costs for the advertising program would include photography, illustrations, 
model, props, production of television films and radio spots, etc. 
 
5.2.4. The public relations-related costs include banquet functions, audio-visual equipment hire, 
travel and lodging expenses as well as printing and production of collaterals for conducting 
road-shows. 
 
5.2.5. Wherever the Agency is required to make advance payments on behalf of the Company, the 
same shall be paid by the Company in advance, provided that appropriate documentary 
evidence of such costs is provided. These would include items such as road-show costs, the 
cost of hiring outdoor media, billboards etc. 
 
5.3. 
The advertising bills will be settled within 30 days of the last day of the month during which 
the Advertisements were released. However, advance payment will be made for outdoor 
advertising, television advertising, radio advertising and online advertising. 
 
5.4. 
All the conference / travel expenses will be paid by the Company directly or advance payment 
may be made to the Agency. However, the tracking fee will be paid post listing of the issue. 
 
5.5. 
Taxes, including GST, would be charged separately, as applicable 
 
6. 
TERM OF AGREEMENT 
 
This Agreement shall come into force on the date of execution of this Agreement (“Effective 
Date”) until the listing and trading of the Rights Equity Shares and upon the completion of all 
services required to be performed by the Agency in relation to the Issue.  
 
7. 
TERMINATION 
 
7.1. 
Either Party can terminate the agreement by giving 30 days ’prior notice in writing. 
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement, the Company shall have the discretion 

 
9 | 22 
to terminate this Agreement with or without notice, at any time, in the event the Company 
forms an opinion that the Agency is providing deficient services. 
 
7.2. 
In this regard, the Company shall provide sufficient opportunity to the Agency to be heard 
prior to terminating the Agreement. In such event, the decision of the Company shall be final 
and binding and the Company shall not be responsible for any compensation to the Agency, 
apart from fees and the costs actually incurred, with the approval of the Company. 
 
7.3. 
If this Agreement is terminated prior to the listing and trading of the Rights Equity Shares, it 
shall be the duty of the Agency to extend all such support as may be required by the Company 
or their newly appointed service provider towards taking over duties and responsibilities as 
the service provider to the Company. Further, in the event the Agreement is terminated, the 
Agency shall be entitled to fees, and only such expenses as are actually incurred till the date 
of such termination. However, the Agency shall continue to be responsible for its obligations 
under this Agreement till the termination of this Agreement. 
 
7.4. 
Clauses 9 (Indemnity) and 10 (Settlement of Disputes) shall survive the termination of this 
Agreement. 
 
8. 
CONFIDENTIALITY 
 
8.1. 
The Agency will treat all information in relation to the Issue or otherwise shared by the 
Company and the Lead Manager and the legal counsel appointed in relation to the Issue, 
whether in writing or orally, during the tenure of this Agreement as confidential and not 
divulge the same to anyone without their prior written consent. Further, any confidential 
information furnished to the Agency in any form whatsoever, including physical or electronic 
form shall not be duplicated by the Agency, other than for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 
8.2. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Parties shall maintain utmost confidentiality of any 
business, technical or financial or other information that is that is conveyed or provided in 
relation to this Agreement by the Company or the Lead Manager, whether in writing or orally, 
(hereinafter the “Confidential Information”). Confidential Information shall also include 
information regarding the execution and existence of this Agreement and the terms hereof. 
All such information shall be approved in writing by the Lead Manager prior to its release to 
the media. 
 
8.3. 
The Agency shall not be liable for disclosure or use of any Confidential Information if the same 
is: 
(a) 
in the public domain; 
(b) 
rightfully received from a third party without any obligation of confidentiality; 
(c) 
rightfully known to it without any limitation on use or disclosure prior to its receipt 
from the Company; 
(d) 
independently developed by the Agency; 
(e) 
generally made available to third parties without any restriction on disclosure; or 
(f) 
communicated in response to a valid order by a court or required by any 
governmental body or regulatory / legal authority. 
 
8.4. 
Upon the request of the Company, the Agency shall return all Confidential Information 
received in written or tangible form (including electronic form on disposable media), including 
copies, or reproductions or other media containing such Confidential Information, within 30 
days of such receipt of such request. 

 
10 | 22 
 
8.5. 
The Agency shall not use the name, trademark, logo of the Company, its Subsidiary or Joint 
Venture or the Lead Manager in any sales or marketing publication or advertisement, or in 
any other manner without prior consent of the Company and/or the Lead Manager. In case of 
any misuse of the name, trademark, logo of the Company, Subsidiary or Joint Venture or the 
Lead Manager, the Company and the Lead Manager may take any action as may be deemed 
fit against the Agency in accordance with Applicable Laws.  
 
8.6. 
The Agency agrees that any product including but not limited to any creative, advertisements 
(complete or work-in-progress), banners, information, reports, studies, software (including 
source codes, object codes and executables), flow charts, diagrams and other tangible and 
intangible material of any nature whatsoever produced by or as a result of any of the services 
rendered hereunder shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company. In furtherance 
thereof, the Agency hereby irrevocably grants, assigns, transfers to the Company all rights, 
title and interest of any kind, in and to any such product produced hereunder. The Agency 
shall not be entitled to make any use of any of the said materials except as may be expressly 
permitted by the Company. 
 
8.7. 
This clause will survive for six months after the expiry or early termination of this Agreement.  
 
9. 
INDEMNITY 
 
9.1. 
In case of breach or alleged breach of any provision of law, regulations or order of any court 
or regulatory or statutory authority or of any of the terms and conditions mentioned in the 
Agreement or breach of any intellectual property of a third party, the Agency shall, at its own 
cost and expense, indemnify, defend and hold the Company and its Affiliates, directors, 
management, employees free and harmless from and against any and all losses, liabilities, 
claims, damages, actions, costs and expenses, including attorney’s fees and court costs arising 
out of such breach.  
 
9.2. 
The indemnity shall be effective from the date of execution of the Agreement and shall survive 
the expiry/termination of the Agreement. The provisions of this Clause 9.2 shall be in addition 
to any other rights that the Company may have under Applicable Law. 
 
9.3. 
The maximum aggregate liability of the Agency, together with its sister concerns, affiliates, 
directors, employees, associates or contractor under Clause 9.1 shall in no event exceed the 
aggregate amount of professional fees paid and payable by the Company to the Agency under 
this Agreement. 
 
9.4. 
The Agency undertakes to execute and deliver a letter of indemnity in favour of the Lead 
Manager in the form annexed at Annexure B to this Agreement, on the day of the execution 
of this Agreement. 
 
9.5. 
The Agency acknowledges and agrees that entering into this Agreement for performing its 
services to the Company is sufficient consideration for the issuance of the letter of indemnity. 
 
9.6. 
This Clause 9 shall survive the expiry / termination of this Agreement. 
 
10. 
SETTLEMENT OF DISPUTES  
 
10.1. 
The provisions of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with 
Indian law. In the event of any disputes or differences between the Parties hereto, whether 

 
11 | 22 
before or after the termination of this Agreement, the Parties agree to negotiate in good faith 
to resolve any dispute, difference or claim among the Parties arising out of or in connection 
with this Agreement, including the construction, interpretation, implementation, validity, 
execution, performance, termination or alleged breach hereof of anything done or omitted to 
be done pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
10.2. 
Any Party may issue a notice, (“Notice”), to the other Parties in respect of any such dispute, 
difference or claim. Only if the Parties fail to resolve the dispute within seven days by amicable 
arrangement and compromise, such dispute may be resolved by the arbitration proceedings 
referred to in this Clause 10. 
 
10.3. 
Save as provided in Clause 10.4 below, any dispute, controversy, or claim arising out of or in 
connection with this Agreement, including any question regarding its existence, validity, 
interpretation, implementation or termination, or the legal relationships established by this 
Agreement (“Dispute”), shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration. 
 
10.4. 
The award shall be final and binding on the parties. A person who is not a party to this 
Agreement shall have no right to enforce any of its terms. The arbitration shall be governed 
by the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996, as amended. Each party shall bear the cost of 
preparing and presenting its case, and the cost of arbitration, including fees and expenses of 
the arbitrators, shall be shared equally by the parties, unless the award otherwise provides. 
The arbitration tribunal shall use its best efforts to produce a final and binding award or 
awards within six months of the appointment of the Chairman. The Parties shall use their 
commercial reasonable efforts to assist the tribunal to achieve this objective, and the Parties 
agree that this six month period shall only be extended in exceptional circumstances, which 
are to be determined by the tribunal in its absolute discretion. 
 
10.5. 
The award given by the arbitration tribunal shall be final, conclusive and binding upon the 
Parties and the successful Party may seek to enforce the same through a court of competent 
jurisdiction. 
 
10.6. 
The arbitration tribunal shall issue a written statement of their award detailing the facts and 
reasons upon which his decision was based. 
 
10.7. 
The arbitration tribunal may grant an award to a Party that substantially prevails on the 
merits, its costs and actual expenses (including actual fees of its counsel). 
 
10.8. 
Any reference of any dispute, difference or claim to arbitration under this Agreement shall 
not affect the performance by the Parties of their respective obligations under this Agreement 
other than the obligations relating to the dispute, difference or claim referred to arbitration. 
The pendency of a dispute in any arbitration proceeding shall not affect the performance of 
the obligations under this Agreement. 
 
10.9. 
Notwithstanding the power of the arbitrators to grant interim relief, the Parties shall have the 
power to seek appropriate interim relief from the courts of Mumbai. 
 
10.10. The Parties shall co-operate in good faith to expedite, to the maximum extent practicable, the 
conduct of any arbitral proceedings commenced pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
10.11. Subject to this Clause 10, the courts in Mumbai shall have exclusive jurisdiction in respect of 
all disputes arising out of and / or in connection with this Agreement. 

 
12 | 22 
 
11. 
REPRESENTATIONS 
 
11.1. 
Each Party hereby represents, warrants, undertakes and covenants to the other that: 
 
(a) 
this Agreement constitutes a valid, legal and binding obligation on its part and is 
enforceable against it in accordance with the terms hereof; and 
 
(b) 
the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and any other document 
related hereto by it has been duly authorized and do not and will not contravene any 
provisions of, or constitute a default under (a) any law, regulation, judgment, decree 
or order of any governmental authority, (b) its organizational documents, or (c) any 
other agreement or instrument or undertaking to which the it is a party or which is 
binding on it or any of its assets. 
 
11.2. 
The Agency undertakes to the Company that it shall act with due diligence, care and skill while 
discharging its services under the Agreement. The Agency further represents, warrants and 
undertakes to the Company to: (a) cooperate and comply with any instructions the Company 
may provide in respect of the Issue, (b) ensure compliance with applicable laws, and (c) 
comply with the terms and conditions of the Agreement.  
 
11.3. 
The Agency hereby represents to the Company that it is not prohibited from acting as a public 
relations consultant or an advertising agency under Applicable Law. 
 
11.4. 
The Company hereby represents to the Agency that the Company or the Promoters have no 
private treaties / shareholders ’agreements with any media group. 
 
12. 
MISCELLANEOUS 
 
12.1. 
The Company and the Agency represent that they have taken all necessary corporate action 
to authorise the execution and consummation of this Agreement and have the requisite and 
proper authorisation to execute this Agreement. They undertake to furnish satisfactory 
evidence of the same upon request. 
 
12.2. 
In the performance of this Agreement, both Parties are acting on principal to principal basis, 
independent of each other. None of the employee, officials, agents or assigns of a Party can 
be treated as agent of the other Party and in no case can bind the other Party by its 
representations and acts. 
 
12.3. 
If any provision(s) of this Agreement is held to be prohibited by or invalidated under the 
applicable law or becomes inoperative as a result of change in circumstances, such provision/s 
shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity or inoperativeness, 
without invalidating the remaining provisions of this Agreement. 
 
12.4. 
Failure to exercise part of any right under this Agreement in one or more instances shall not 
constitute a waiver of those rights in another instance, such waiver by one Party of any of the 
rights established herein shall not be considered as a waiver of another right established 
herein. 
 
12.5. 
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts and two copies should be treated as original 
for all purposes. 

 
13 | 22 
 
12.6. 
No amendment of this Agreement shall be valid unless it is in writing and duly executed by or 
on behalf of all the parties to this Agreement. 
 
12.7. 
Neither Party shall assign to any third party any of its rights and obligations contained herein, 
without the prior written consent of the other Party. 
 
12.8. 
This Agreement is subject to force majeure situations. It shall be subject to inabilities based 
on circumstances beyond the power in the Agreement, such as civil commotion, riots, strike, 
lockouts and acts of god etc. 
 
12.9. 
Any notice, demand, communication or other request (individually, a “Notice”) to be given or 
made under this Agreement shall be in writing in the English language. Such Notice shall be 
delivered by hand, airmail (postage prepaid), recognized overnight courier service, email or 
facsimile to the Party to which it is addressed at such Party’s address specified below or at 
such other address as such Party shall from time to time have designated by 15 days ’written 
Notice, and shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when delivered as aforesaid. 
 
In the case of a Notice to the Company at:  
 
EIH Limited 
7 Sham Nath Marg 
New Delhi 110 054 
Tel: +91 11 2308 0505  
E-mail: sn.sridhar@oberoigroup.com 
Contact Person: SN Sridhar 
 
In the case of a Notice to the Agency at:  
 
Pressman Advertising Ltd 
126 Jolly Maker Chambers II 
Nariman Point 
Mumbai 400021 
Tel: +91 9664402271 
E-mail: mumbai@pressmanindia.com 
Contact Person: Alkesh Bhatt 
 
In the case of a notice to the Lead Manager at:  
 
Ambit Capital Private Limited 
Ambit House  
449 Senapati Bapat Marg 
Lower Parel 
Mumbai 400 013 
Attention: Vikas Khattar 
Tel.: +91 22 6623 3000 
E-mail: vikas.khattar@ambit.co 
 
 

 
14 | 22 
 
12.10. This Agreement supersedes and replaces any and all prior contracts, understandings or 
arrangements, whether oral or written, heretofore made among any of the Parties hereto, in 
relation to the Issue. 
 
[THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE HAS BEEN INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

 
15 | 22 
This signature page forms an integral part of the Service Provider Agreement executed by and between 
EIH Limited and Pressman Advertising Limited 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have entered into this Agreement on the date mentioned above. 
 
For and on behalf of EIH Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
___________________________________ 
Authorised Signatory 
 
 
 
 
 
Date:                      September 18, 2020
Place:                     New Delhi
Name:                    Kallol Kundu
Designation:          Chief Financial Officer

This signature page forms an integral part of the Service Provider Agreement executed by and between EIH 
Limited and Pressman Adver2sing Limited. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been duly executed by the Par5es or their duly authorised 
signatories on the date men5oned above: 
SIGNED 
ON BEHALF OF PRESSMAN ADVERTISING LIMITED 
 
 
_________________________________ 
Name:  
Designa=on: 
Date: 
Place: 

 
17 | 22 
Annexure A 
 
[ON THE LETTERHEAD OF THE AGENCY] 
 
Date: _______________ 
 
To 
 
Ambit Capital Private Limited 
Ambit House  
449 Senapati Bapat Marg 
Lower Parel 
Mumbai 400 013 
 
(the “Lead Manager”) 
 
Dear Sir / Ma’am 
 
Re:  Information with respect to news reports post filing of the letter of offer (the “Letter of Offer”) 
for the rights issue of equity shares of face value of ₹ 2 each (the “Rights Equity Shares”) to 
the existing shareholders of EIH Limited (“Company”) in accordance with the provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and the rules made thereunder, as amended and the provisions of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2018, as amended (“SEBI ICDR Regulations”) and other applicable statutory and 
/ or regulatory requirements (the “Issue”) 
 
Pursuant to the Service Provider Agreement dated 18 September 2020 (the “Agreement”), please see 
below the information with respect to the news reports relating to the Company and / or the Issue for 
the period of _______________ to _______________. 
 
We confirm that since the date of filing the Letter of Offer with the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India till closure of the Issue, that the following is true and correct in respect of news reports appearing 
in any of the following media and there has been no news report appearing in (a) newspapers in which 
the pre-Issue advertisement in terms of the SEBI ICDR Regulations was made and (b) print and 
electronic media controlled by a media group where the media group has a private 
treaty/shareholders ’agreement with the Company or the Promoters, as informed by the Company to 
Agency, other than as mentioned below: 
 

 
18 | 22 
S. No. 
Newspaper, 
edition, date 
Subject Matter 
Whether contents of 
the news report are 
supported 
by 
disclosures 
in 
the 
Letter of Offer or 
Advertisements 
made pursuant to the 
SEBI 
ICDR 
Regulations 
or 
information available 
on the website of the 
Stock Exchanges 
If 
yes, 
page 
numbers in the 
Letter of Offer 
where 
the 
disclosures 
are 
made 
If no, action 
taken by the 
Lead 
Manager 
Title 
Content 
Yes 
No 
1. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
We confirm that this information may be relied on by the Lead Manager to the Issue, for making 
requisite filings with the Securities and Exchange Board of India. 
 
In case the information is untrue, incomplete or incorrect in any respect, the Agency shall, at its own 
cost and expense, indemnify, defend and hold the Company and Lead Manager, and their respective 
Affiliates and directors, officers, management, representatives or employees of the Lead Manager, 
free and harmless from and against any and all losses, liabilities, claims, actions, costs and expenses 
arising out of any such default on the part of the Agency. This indemnity will survive the expiry / 
termination of the Agreement. This information and indemnity shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the Agreement and Applicable Law.  
 
We confirm that we will immediately inform the Company and the Lead Manager of any changes to 
the information until the date on which the Rights Equity Shares commence trading on the Stock 
Exchanges. In the absence of any such communication, the information stated should be taken as 
updated information. 
 
All capitalized terms not specifically defined in this letter will have the same meanings attributed to 
such terms in the Agreement. 
 
All terms and conditions mentioned in the Agreement will apply to this Letter, mutatis mutandis. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For and on behalf of Pressman Advertising Limited 
 
 
 
Authorised Signatory 
Name: 
Designation: 
 
 

