 
 
THE WORLD BANK GROUP 
 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
CONSULTING SERVICES 
April 2023 
 
This Contract is between the INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR 
RECONSTRUCTION 
AND 
DEVELOPMENT 
or 
INTERNATIONAL 
FINANCE 
CORPORATION 
(the 
“Purchaser”), and the Contractor for the services described in 
this Contract. 
1. CONTRACT DOCUMENTS AND SCOPE OF WORK 
1.01 
Contractor shall provide to Purchaser consulting 
services as stipulated in Annex A.   
1.02 
The Contract Documents shall consist of:  
(a) The Contract and any Special Conditions (SC) therein; 
(b) These General Terms and Conditions; 
1.03 
In the event of a conflict between the terms of the 
Contract and any other of the Contract Documents, the 
provisions of this Contract and Annexes A and B shall govern, 
and take precedence, unless otherwise expressly agreed by the 
Purchaser, in writing. 
1.04 
The Contract Documents shall include all modifications 
or changes agreed upon in writing between the parties and 
issued during the Term of this Contract.  Any such modification 
or change shall supersede the original Contract Documents 
where modified or changed. 
1.05 
Contractor agrees to furnish to the Purchaser and the 
Purchaser agrees to accept, on the terms and conditions set 
forth in this Contract, the services described in the Contract 
Documents.  Contractor agrees to provide the Service required 
hereunder: (a) in accordance with the requirements set forth in 
the Contract Documents; (b) following the applicable industry 
standards c) with qualified personnel throughout all stages of 
this Contract; and (d) as an independent contractor under the 
general guidance of the Purchaser. 
1.06 
 Nothing contained herein shall be construed as 
establishing a relation of master and servant or of principal and 
agent as between the Purchaser and the Contractor.  The 
Contractor, subject to this Contract, has full and exclusive 
responsibility for and is completely in charge of all Personnel 
and Subcontractors performing the Service(s). Contractor is 
also fully responsible for the Service(s) performed by its 
Personnel and Subcontractors on Contractor’s behalf.  
Contractor's Personnel and Subcontractors shall not act as 
agents or representatives of Purchaser. 
1.07 
The Service(s) shall be performed at the locations 
specified and, where the location of a particular task is not 
specified, at any other locations the Purchaser may approve. 
2. COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAW 
Contractor represents that it, and its services, are in compliance 
with all the applicable laws. 
3. DEFINITIONS 
3.01 
The following terms, whenever used in this Contract, 
shall have the following meaning: 
(a) “Authorized Representative” means an individual who is 
authorized to legally bind the Purchaser or the Contractor 
by virtue of his/her signature. He/She can agree to changes 
to the Service(s), Contract Price and rates, as well as 
change the designated Contract Manager or Contractor’s 
Representative by providing Notice in accordance with 
Article 42, Notices. 
(b) "Contractor" means the company, consulting firm, 
university, organization, or other such entity retained by the 
Purchaser to perform the Services under this Contract. 
(c) “Contract” means this Consulting Services Contract signed 
by each party’s Authorized Representative together with all 
the other Contract Documents listed in Article 1 of the 
signed Contract. 
(d) “Contract Currency” means U.S. Dollars or any other 
currency of a Purchaser member country as may be 
specified in the SC. 
(e) “Contract Price” means the price set forth in the SC, to be 
paid for the performance of the Services; such sum may be 
adjusted in accordance with Article 11, Changes and 
Modifications. 
(f) “Contractor’s Representative” (CR) – means the person 
designated in Article 5 of this Contract, appointed by 
Contractor to coordinate all Contract activities, including but 
not limited to daily supervision and oversight of the Services 
and all communications between the Contractor and the 
Purchaser but excluding those falling within the authority of 
the Contractor’s Authorized Representative as defined in 
sub paragraph (a). 
(g) “Force Majeure” means an event which is beyond the 
reasonable control of a Party, and which makes a Party's 
performance of its obligations hereunder impossible or so 
impractical as reasonably to be considered impossible in 
the circumstances, and includes, but is not limited to, war, 
riots, civil disorder, earthquake, fire, explosion, storm, flood 
or other exceptionally adverse weather conditions, strikes, 
lockouts or other industrial action/sanctions (except where 
such strikes, lockouts or other industrial actions are within 

 
2 
 
the power of the Party invoking Force Majeure to prevent), 
public health related events officially declared by a 
governmental authority, confiscation or any other action 
ordered by government authorities.  Force Majeure Events 
shall not be deemed to include: (i) any event which is 
caused by the negligence or intentional action of a Party or 
such Party's Personnel or agents; (ii) any event which a 
diligent Party could reasonably have been expected to 
both: (A) take into account at the time this Contract was 
entered into; and (B) avoid or overcome in the carrying out 
of its obligations hereunder; or (iii) the insufficiency of 
funds, inability to make any payment required under this 
Contract, or any economic conditions, including but not 
limited to inflation, price escalations, or labor availability. 
(h) "Personnel" means persons hired by the Contractor or by 
any of its Subcontractors and assigned to the performance 
of the Service(s) or any part thereof. 
(i) “Purchaser” means the organization, member of the World 
Bank Group, identified on the first page of this Contract. 
(j) “Purchaser’s Contract Manager” or “Purchaser’s CM” shall 
mean the official of the Purchaser referred to in Article 5. 
(k) “Special Conditions” or “SC” means any Special Conditions 
of Contract incorporated into the Contract. 
(l) "Subcontract” means any agreement entered into by 
Contractor with another contractor, vendor, supplier, entity 
or person to furnish or perform a portion of the Service(s). 
This term includes any agreements between a 
Subcontractor and its Subcontractor, vendors, suppliers, or 
other entities or persons providing subcontracted work. 
(m) "Subcontractor” means any person or entity that has 
entered into a Subcontract with the Contractor, or any of 
Contractor’s Subcontractors to perform part of the 
Service(s). For purposes of this Contract, Subcontractors 
are considered Personnel of Contractor. 
(n) “Service(s)” means all services, specified in the Contract 
Documents or any work order issued by Purchaser under 
the Contract. 
(o) "World Bank Group" means and includes the International 
Bank 
for 
Reconstruction 
and 
Development, 
the 
International Development Association, the Multilateral 
Investment Guarantee Agency, the International Finance 
Corporation, and the International Center for the Settlement 
of Investment Disputes. 
4. CONTRACT ACCEPTANCE 
4.01 
The terms of this Contract shall be deemed accepted 
by Contractor upon the earlier of: (a) Purchaser’s receipt of the 
acknowledged copy of the Contract duly executed by 
Contractor; (b) commencement of performance of services; or 
(c) Contractor’s acceptance of payment. 
5. CONTRACT ADMINISTRATION 
5.01 
Purchaser designates the representative specified in 
the SC as the Purchaser’s Contract Manager (Purchaser’s CM) 
for this Contract. Purchaser’s CM shall monitor the 
administration and completion of the Contract, according to its 
terms and conditions, as described below: 
(a) The Purchaser’s CM shall be responsible for the 
coordination of activities between the Purchaser and the 
Contractor under this Contract. 
(b) The Purchaser’s CM shall determine in general if the 
Contractor is performing the Service(s) in accordance with 
the Contract Documents. 
(c) The Purchaser’s CM shall receive all communications 
which the Contractor is obligated to submit to the Purchaser 
under this Contract, including but not limited to changes to 
the Contract Documents involving the quality level, 
Description of Service(s), price, rates, delivery and/or 
completion dates/schedules, name of Subcontractor(s), or 
list of key Personnel. 
(d) The Purchaser’s CM’s responsibilities include but are not 
limited to receiving and approving the Contractor’s invoices 
for payment and accepting the Service(s) and/or 
deliverables on behalf of the Purchaser.  The Purchaser’s 
CM may request a change, however the Purchaser’s CM 
does not have the authority to issue a change to the 
Contract.  Such changes must be made in accordance with 
Article 11 (Changes and Modifications). 
(e) All communications to Purchaser’s CM shall be sent in 
accordance with Article 42 Notices. 
5.02 
Contractor designates the representative specified in 
the SC as the Contractor’s Representative (CR) who shall be 
responsible for the coordination of all Contract activities 
between the Purchaser and the Contractor under this Contract.  
In this capacity, the CR responsibilities include but are not 
limited to daily supervision and oversight of the Service(s) and 
management of all communications between the Contractor and 
the Purchaser.   
5.03 
The Parties may request to change the Purchaser’s 
Contract Manager or Contractor’s Representative, as 
applicable, by providing notice to the other Party in accordance 
with Article 42 Notices. 
6. CONTRACTOR'S PERSONNEL  
6.01 
Contractor shall provide the services of qualified 
Personnel through all stages of this Contract. The approved 
Contractor’s key Personnel (which by definition includes 
Subcontractors) who will perform the Service(s) shall be listed 
by name and/or title in Annex C.    Contractor shall inform its 
Personnel that they are not agents or employees of the 

 
3 
 
Purchaser, and that they shall not represent themselves as 
such. 
6.02 
 No changes to the approved key Personnel shall be 
made without the express written consent of Purchaser.  If, for 
any reason beyond the reasonable control of the Contractor, it 
becomes necessary to replace any of the approved key 
Personnel, the Contractor shall replace him/her with a person of 
equivalent or better qualifications. Such necessary replacement 
will be subject to Purchaser's review and approval. The 
Contractor shall submit a copy of their qualifications and/or 
biographical data for the Purchaser’s review and approval prior 
to the assignment of such personnel to the Service. 
6.03 
If the Purchaser: (a) finds that any of the Personnel 
have committed misconduct or have been charged with having 
committed a criminal action; or (b) has reasonable cause to be 
dissatisfied with the conduct or behavior of any of the Personnel 
or Subcontractors, then the Contractor shall, at the Purchaser’s 
written request, provide as a replacement a person with 
equivalent or better qualifications, subject to Purchaser's review 
and approval.  The Contractor shall have no claim for additional 
costs arising out of or incidental to any removal and/or 
replacement of Personnel or Subcontractors. 
7. CONTRACT TERM  
7.01 
The performance of this Contract shall commence and 
terminate on the dates stated in the SC. 
8. PAYMENTS TO CONTRACTORS   
8.01 
For Services rendered pursuant to Annex A, the 
Purchaser shall pay the Contractor in accordance with the 
schedule provided in the SC. The amounts specified in the SC 
shall include all of the Contractors’ costs and profits as well as 
any tax obligation that may be imposed on the Contractors in 
connection with this Contract. In addition to the specifics stated 
in the SC, the applicable remuneration terms shall apply: 
(a) Lump Sum Fee – When used in this Contract, this term 
means that Contractors’ total remuneration shall be a fixed 
lump sum including all Personnel costs, Subcontractors’ 
costs, printing, communications, travel, accommodation, 
and the like, and all other costs incurred by the Contractors 
in providing the Services described in Annex A.  
(b) Lump Sum Fee Plus Reimbursable Expenses – When used 
in this Contract, this term means that the Contractors’ total 
remuneration shall not exceed the Contract Price listed in 
Annex B and shall consist of (i) a fixed lump sum fee 
including all Contractor’s Personnel costs; plus (ii) 
reimbursable expenses actually and reasonably incurred by 
the Contractor and/or its Personnel, in the performance of 
the Services. The reimbursable expenses shall comply with 
the provisions of Section 8.02.  Payments of the 
reimbursable expenses will be made to Contractor upon 
receipt and acceptance of the deliverables stated in the SC. 
(c) Time-Based – When used in this Contract, this term means 
that the Remuneration for the Contractors’ Personnel shall 
be determined on the basis of the time actually spent by 
such Personnel in performing the Services, at the rate(s) 
per man/month, day, or hour stated in the SC. In addition, 
the Contractor shall be paid for reimbursable expenses 
actually and reasonably incurred by the Contractor in the 
performance of the Services, in line with the provisions of 
Section 8.02. 
8.02 
Reimbursable Expenditures - For any reimbursable 
expenditures applicable under Section 8.01 (b) or (c), these 
shall consist of and be limited to normal and customary 
expenditures for official travel approved in advance by the 
Purchaser’s CM including, but not limited to, accommodation, 
transportation, printing, and telephone charges. Such expenses 
will be reimbursed at cost without markup upon presentation of 
a documented statement of expenses. Payments for 
reimbursable expenditures will be made to the account of the 
Contractors listed on their invoice and shall not exceed the 
maximum specified in the SC, as applicable.  
8.03 
The maximum amount for reimbursable expenses may 
only be increased above the price stated in Annex B if the 
Parties have agreed to additional payments in writing, in 
accordance with Article 11, Changes and Modifications. 
9. INVOICING 
9.01 Unless otherwise stated in this Contract, Contractor will: (a) 
invoice Purchaser for the amount due within thirty (30) days of 
completion and acceptance of the applicable Deliverables; and 
(b) keep updated Contractor’s profile in Purchaser’s Vendor 
Portal, including Contractor’s current remittance bank 
information and representative contact details prior to submitting 
any invoice, in accordance with Purchaser’s instructions and 
this Contract.  
9.02 The invoice will: (a) include the Contract number, a 
description of the applicable Services, Deliverables, any 
permitted reimbursable expenses, quantities, unit price, 
extended totals and remittance bank information; and (b) be 
accompanied by such documentation as the Purchaser may 
reasonably require to substantiate Contractor's right to 
payment, such as time sheets, copies of invoices and 
requisitions from Subcontractors and suppliers, and invoices or 
receipts evidencing any permitted reimbursable expenses. 
10. PAYMENT 
10.01 Unless otherwise stated in this Contract, Purchaser will 
pay Contractor all undisputed amounts within thirty (30) days of 
receiving an invoice correctly submitted in accordance with this 
Contract.  

 
4 
 
10.02 
Purchaser is immune from all taxation and custom 
duties under its constituent treaty. Contractor authorizes 
Purchaser to deduct from any invoice presented in connection 
with this Contract any erroneous allocation for taxation or duties, 
without prior notice to Contractor and without cost to Purchaser. 
Payment of such corrected invoiced amount will constitute full 
payment by Purchaser. 
10.03 
Without prejudice to any other right or remedy it may 
have, Purchaser reserves the right to set off at any time any 
amount owing to Purchaser by Contractor against any amount 
payable by Purchaser to Contractor. 
11. CHANGES AND MODIFICATIONS 
11.01 Modification of the terms and conditions of this Contract, 
including any modification of the scope of the  Services, 
schedule, or Contract Price, may only be made by written 
modification of this Contract as agreed to between the Parties, 
and shall not be effective until the written consent of the 
Purchaser has been obtained.   
12. FORCE MAJEURE 
12.01 
The failure of a Party to fulfill any of its performance 
obligations hereunder shall not be considered to be a breach of, 
or default under, this Contract insofar as such failure arises from 
a Force Majeure Event, and provided that the Party affected by 
such an event has taken all reasonable precautions, due care 
and reasonable alternative measures with the objective of 
carrying out the Services in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of this Contract.   
12.02 
A Party affected by a Force Majeure Event shall take 
all reasonable measures to remove such Party's inability to fulfill 
its obligations hereunder with a minimum of delay. 
12.03 
A Party affected by a Force Majeure Event shall notify 
the other Party of such event as soon as possible, and in any 
event not later than seven (7) days following the occurrence of 
such event. The Party affected by a Force Majeure Event shall 
also provide (i) evidence of the nature and cause of such event, 
(ii) its expected duration, and (iii) the impact it will have on the 
performance of the Contract. The Party affected by a Force 
Majeure Event shall give notice to the other party of the 
restoration of normal conditions as soon as possible. 
12.04 
The Parties shall take all reasonable measures to 
minimize the consequence of any Force Majeure Event. 
12.05 
Any period within which a Party is required by this 
Contract to complete any action or task shall be extended for a 
period equal to the time during which such Party was unable to 
perform such action as a result of Force Majeure Event, 
provided that such Party has provided notice as required by this 
Article and in accordance with Article 42.  
13. INSURANCE 
13.01 
The Contractor shall take out and, during the period of 
effectiveness of this Contract maintain, at its own cost, 
appropriate insurance coverage commensurate with the nature 
and extent of the Services and conditions in the countries where 
the Services are being performed. Such coverage shall at a 
minimum comply with the requirements of the applicable law 
and, in addition, include the following minimum coverages: 
(a) Contractors providing Services in the United States and 
all Contractors and Subcontractors incorporated in the 
United States 
i. Worker’s Compensation as required by law; 
ii. Employer’s liability insurance in the amount of USD 
500,000 per occurrence; 
iii. Commercial General Liability insurance in the amount of 
USD 5,000,000 per occurrence; 
iv. Professional Liability insurance in the amount of USD 
1,000,000 per claim and in the aggregate; and 
v. With respect to automobiles operated in the performance of 
the Services, USD 1,000,000 combined single limit per 
occurrence. 
(b) All other Contractors  
i. 
Contractors incorporated outside of the United States and 
providing Services outside of the United States are required 
to have insurance coverage reflective of local market 
conditions for their country of incorporation or of the country 
in which the Services are rendered, whichever is higher. 
The insurance coverage shall not be less than the minimum 
insurances listed in the World Bank’s Individual Country 
Requirements –Vendor Insurance as published on the 
World 
Bank 
website 
at 
www.worldbank.org/corporateprocurement. 
13.02 
Upon request, Contractors shall provide the Purchaser 
with certificates of insurance for coverages referencing the 
Contract by number. Contractor shall cause its liability insurance 
provider(s) to include the International Bank for Reconstruction 
and Development / International Finance Corporation as 
“additional insured”, “indemnity principal”, or similar provision on 
customary or omnibus insurer or industry forms. Purchaser may 
elect to withhold current payment if current certificates of 
insurance are not provided. 
14. INDEMNIFICATION 
14.01 
Contractor agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the 
Purchaser, its officers, directors, employees and agents from 
and against all claims, suits, damages and losses, including 
reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses arising from: 
(a) bodily injury, sickness or death or real or tangible property 
damage or destruction resulting from the negligent or 
wrongful acts or omissions in the performance of Services 
by Contractor, Subcontractors, anyone employed directly or 
indirectly by any of them, or anyone for whose acts any of 

 
5 
 
them may be liable in connection with the provision of the 
Services; 
(b) violation of any intellectual property rights of third parties or 
of Purchaser, including without limitation rights relating to 
patents, trademarks, copyrights, or trade secrets, by 
Contractor, Subcontractors, anyone employed directly or 
indirectly by any of them, or anyone for whose acts any of 
them may be liable; or 
(c) compensation claims covered by Contractor's Workers' 
Compensation insurance. 
14.02 
If an employee of Contractor, Subcontractors, anyone 
employed directly or indirectly by any of them, or anyone for 
whose acts any of them may be liable has a claim against 
Purchaser, its officers, directors, employees, or agents, 
Contractor’s indemnity obligations shall not be limited by any 
limitation on the amount of damages, compensation or benefits 
payable by or for Contractor, Subcontractors, or other entity 
under any employee benefit acts, including workers’ 
compensation or disability acts.  
14.03 
The obligation set out in this Article shall survive the 
expiration or termination of this Contract.   
15. LIMITATION ON LIABILITY 
15.01 
Except as provided in Section 15.02 below, and unless 
otherwise agreed by the Parties in a particular task order based 
on the nature of the Services therein, the total aggregate liability 
of Contractor for claims asserted by Purchaser under or in 
connection with this Contract, regardless of the form of the 
action or the theory of recovery, shall be limited to three times 
the Contract Price.  Each Party acknowledges and agrees that 
this limitation of liability shall apply whether or not the remedies 
allowed under this Contract are deemed adequate and whether 
or not such remedies fail their essential purpose. 
15.02 
The limitations of liability set forth in this Article 15 shall 
not apply to the extent the liability arises from: 
(a) The fraud, intentional misconduct, or gross negligence of 
Contractor, Subcontractor or anyone for whom they may be 
responsible. For the purposes of this Contract “gross 
negligence” shall mean any act or failure to act (whether 
sole, joint, or concurrent) which seriously and substantially 
deviates from a diligent course of action or which is in 
reckless disregard of or indifferent to foreseeable harmful 
consequences; or 
(b) Contractor’s obligations to indemnify Purchaser as set forth 
in Article 14 (Indemnification) above. 
16. CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES 
16.01 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Contract, in 
no event shall either Contractor or Purchaser be liable to the 
other party for indirect, incidental, special, punitive or 
consequential 
damages 
of 
any 
nature 
(collectively 
consequential damages), including, but not limited to, loss of 
use, loss of revenue, or loss of income, whether arising in 
contract, tort (including negligence) or other legal theory, even 
if the possibility of such damages is known at the time of the 
execution of this Contract. 
16.02 
The exclusion of consequential damages set forth in 
Section 16.01 above shall not exclude or affect: (a) Contractor’s 
liability for fraud or intentional misconduct; or (b) Contractor’s 
liability for its indemnity obligations in accordance with Article 14 
(Indemnification). 
17. SUSPENSION OF WORK 
17.01 
The Purchaser may order Contractor, by written notice 
sent in accordance to Article 42 Notices, to suspend, delay or 
interrupt all or any part of the Services for the period of time that 
the Purchaser determines appropriate or convenient for the 
Purchaser. 
17.02 
If the suspension, delay or interruption under Section 
17.01 is unreasonable in duration, the parties may agree to 
modify the Contract accordingly and adjust it to reflect any 
change to the Contract Price or delivery date. Under no 
circumstances will Contractor be entitled to claim loss of profit 
in connection with or as a result of a suspension.  No adjustment 
will be made for any suspension, delay or interruption to the 
extent that performance would have been so suspended, 
delayed or interrupted by any other cause, including the fault or 
negligence of Contractor, or suspensions arising from 
Contractor’s failure to abide by its safety obligations hereunder. 
17.03 
A request for adjustment under this Article shall not be 
allowed: (a) for any costs incurred more than twenty (20) days 
before Contractor notifies the Purchaser in writing of the 
Purchaser's act or failure to act that allegedly caused the 
suspension, delay or interruption involved; and (b) unless the 
request, in an amount stated, is asserted in writing within seven 
(7) days after the end of the suspension, delay or interruption. 
18. TERMINATION  
18.01 
Termination for Convenience: Purchaser may 
terminate the Contract, in whole or in part, if it determines, in its 
sole and absolute discretion, that a termination is in its best 
interests.  In order to terminate the Contract, Purchaser shall 
send the Contractor a written termination notice at least ten (10) 
working days prior to the intended date of termination. Notice of 
such termination shall state that termination is for the 
Purchaser's convenience. The notice shall also state the extent 
to which performance of services under the Contract is 
terminated, and the termination date.  Unless otherwise 
instructed by the Purchaser, Contractor shall stop work 
immediately on receipt of the termination notice and follow the 
instructions and directions of Purchaser. In the event of a 

 
6 
 
termination for convenience by the Purchaser, Contractor shall 
be entitled to be paid for Services properly performed by 
Contractor prior to the effective date of termination, provided, 
however, that such payment shall not exceed the total Contract 
Price after adjustment to account for the price associated with 
Services not performed.  Contractor will also be paid for 
unavoidable direct costs, actually incurred by Contractor, and 
directly related to the termination.  Contractor shall not be 
allowed, and expressly waives, payment for profit on Services 
that were not performed as of the termination date. 
18.02 
Termination for Force Majeure: Contractor may 
terminate this Contract, by not less than ten (10) working days 
written notice sent to the Purchaser if: (i) as the result of a Force 
Majeure Event, the Contractor is unable to perform a material 
portion of the Services for a period of more than thirty (30) days; 
or (ii) in the event the Contractor reasonably determines it is 
unable to continue to perform the Services due to a change in 
applicable law prohibiting it from providing such Services; or (iii) 
Contractor is required to do so to comply with applicable laws, 
regulations or professional standards. Purchaser may terminate 
this Contract for Force Majeure, by not less than ten (10) 
working days written notice sent to the Contractor if: (i) as the 
result of a Force Majeure Event, the Contractor is unable to 
perform a material portion of the Services for a period of more 
than thirty (30) days; or (ii) in the event Purchaser is required to 
do so to comply with applicable laws, regulations or professional 
standards. In the event of a termination for Force Majeure, 
Contractor shall be entitled to be paid for Service properly 
performed by Contractor prior to the effective date of 
termination, provided, however, that such payment shall not 
exceed the total Contract Price after adjustment to account for 
the price associated with Services not performed. Contractor 
shall not be allowed, and expressly waives, payment for profit 
on Services that were not performed as of the termination date. 
18.03 
Termination for Default: If Contractor materially 
fails to provide the Services in accordance with the period 
specified or in the manner required under the Contract; or if the 
Services do not conform to the requirements under the Contract; 
or if the Contractor becomes insolvent or unable to meet its 
payment obligations when due, or breaches any material 
obligation under the Contract, the Purchaser shall give the 
Contractor a written notice describing the instances of default 
and giving the Contractor a reasonable opportunity to cure.  
If the Contractor does not cure the default within the period 
specified in the written notice, the Purchaser may, without 
prejudice to any other rights available to it by law, terminate the 
Contract for default by written notice, specifying the reason for 
the default, the portion(s) of the Contract defaulted and the 
effective date of default. 
If Contractor is in breach of Article 29 (Procurement Integrity) of 
this Contract or is identified on any terrorist sanctions list 
recognized by the Purchaser, including, but not limited to, the 
United Nations 1267 sanctions list, the United States Executive 
Order 13224 sanctions list and the United Kingdom terrorist 
sanctions list, this Contract shall be subject to immediate 
Termination for Default upon written or oral notice to the 
Contractor. 
In the event of a termination for default, Contractor shall be 
entitled to be paid for Services properly performed prior to the 
effective date of termination, provided, however, that such 
payment shall not exceed the total Contract Price after 
adjustment to account for the price associated with work not 
performed.  Contractor shall not be allowed, and expressly 
waives, payment for profit on Services which were not 
performed as of the termination date.   
19. DISPUTES 
19.01 
Any dispute or difference arising out of, or in 
connection with, this Contract or the breach thereof that cannot 
be amicably settled between the Parties (including through 
alternative dispute resolution procedures as may be agreed to 
by the Parties) shall be arbitrated in accordance with the 
UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules as at present in force. The 
arbitration shall take place in Washington, D.C.  Any resulting 
arbitral decision shall be final and binding on both parties. 
Judgment upon any arbitration award may be entered in any 
court having jurisdiction thereof. Such judgment shall be in lieu 
of any other remedy. 
19.02 
In resolving a dispute hereunder, the parties agree that 
the Contract will be interpreted in accordance with the 
substantive laws of New York. 
19.03 
Pending final resolution of any claim, dispute or action 
arising under or related to this Contract, Contractor shall, if 
requested by the Purchaser, proceed diligently with the 
performance of this Contract. 
20. QUALITY ASSURANCE AND REPORTING   
20.01 
Contractor is responsible for all aspects of quality 
assurance and quality control for the Services provided under 
this Contract. 
20.02 
In addition to the Contractor’s quality assurance 
program, the Contractor agrees, at a minimum: (a) to meet with 
the Purchaser’s Contract Manager to review performance and 
ensure that it is consistent with the Contract Documents when 
requested; and (b) to prepare a report of any remedial action 
required. 
21. COPYRIGHT 
21.01 
The deliverable report(s) and other creative work 
developed by the Contractor specifically and exclusively for the 
Purchaser as provided under the Contract, including all written, 
graphic, audio, visual and any other materials, contributions, 

 
7 
 
applicable work product and production elements contained 
therein whether on paper, disk, tape, digital file or any other 
media, (the “Deliverable Service(s)”) are considered work made 
for hire in accordance with the copyright laws of the United 
States.  Purchaser is the sole proprietor of the Deliverable 
Service(s) from the time of their creation and owns all rights, 
titles and interests therein throughout the world including, 
without limitation, the copyright and all related rights. 
21.02 
To the extent that it is determined that the Deliverable 
Service(s) do not qualify as work made for hire within the 
meaning of the copyright laws of the United States, then the 
Contractor hereby irrevocably transfers and assigns to 
Purchaser all of its rights, titles and interests in and to the 
Deliverable Service(s), throughout the world and in perpetuity, 
to the extent possible, including without limitation all of its rights, 
titles and interests in copyright and related rights, free of any 
claim by Contractor or any other person or entity.  
21.03 
Under no circumstances shall Contractor use, 
disclose, reproduce, publish, distribute or display copies to the 
public, modify, or prepare deliverables produced as a result of 
or in connection with, the Deliverable Service(s) including 
derivative works, in whole or in part, without Purchaser's prior 
written consent. 
21.04 
All right, title and interest (including, without limitation, 
rights in patents, trademarks, copyright, and related rights) in 
Contractor's pre-existing proprietary intellectual property 
included in the Deliverable Service(s) (the "Pre-Existing 
Intellectual Property") shall remain with the Contractor. The 
Contractor hereby grants the Purchaser and the World Bank 
Group1 an irrevocable, royalty-free, worldwide license to use, 
disclose, reproduce, publish, distribute or display copies to the 
public, or modify or prepare derivative works of such Pre-
Existing Intellectual Property, in whole or in part, without the 
prior written consent of the Contractor.  The Contractor shall 
provide the Purchaser, within 30 days of the contract award, a 
list of the Pre-Existing Intellectual Property it intends to include 
in the Deliverable Service(s) and shall supplement such list as 
and when additional Pre-Existing Intellectual Property is 
included in the Deliverable Service(s). Contractor will own its 
working papers, pre-existing materials and software, as well as 
any general skills, know-how, processes, or other intellectual 
property (including a non-client specific version of any 
Deliverables), which the Contractor may have discovered or 
created as a result of the Services (“Contractor Materials”).  The 
Purchaser has a nonexclusive, non-transferable license to use 
any Contractor Materials included in the Deliverables for 
Purchaser’s own internal use as part of those Deliverables.  
 
1 World Bank Group means IDA, IFC, MIGA, and ICSID. 
22. INFORMATION 
SECURITY 
POLICY 
FOR 
CONTRACTORS 
22.01 
Contractors using Purchaser’s systems shall abide by 
all World Bank Group policies and procedures, as defined in the 
World Bank Group's Information Security Policy for Contractors 
and shall ensure that all Contractor and Subcontractor staff 
observes such rules and regulations.  The Purchaser’s 
Information Security Policy for Contractors can be found at the 
Purchaser’s web site at www.worldbank.org/corporateprocurement. 
23. SECURITY RULES AND REGULATIONS 
23.01 
To the extent applicable to Contractor’s provision of 
Services under the Contract, Contractor agrees to review all 
World Bank Group security rules and regulations. Contractor 
shall require that all Contractor staff performing services in 
Purchaser’s premises observe such rules and regulations 
including, but not limited to, the requirements of the Security, 
Fire and Safety Regulations for World Bank Group Contract 
Employees (found at www.worldbank.org/corporateprocurement). 
Access to the Purchaser's premises by Contractor staff shall be 
subject to Purchaser's prior written approval. 
24. PURCHASER PROPERTY 
24.01 
Equipment purchased for the Service(s) and paid for 
out of funds disbursed by the Purchaser to the Contractor 
pursuant to the provisions of this Contract shall be deemed to 
be the property of the Purchaser.  Upon completion of the 
Service, the Contractor shall transfer such equipment to the 
Purchaser in accordance with the instructions of the Purchaser.  
Upon the completion, termination or suspension of the Service, 
the Contractor shall furnish to the Purchaser information in the 
form of inventories certified by the Contractor, in respect of the 
equipment referred to in this Article. 
24.02 
All Purchaser property, including but not limited to 
equipment, drawings, research, writings, data in any format 
(including electronic), or other information furnished to 
Contractor by the Purchaser for use in the performance of this 
Contract, shall at all times be the property of the Purchaser.  
Upon completion, termination or expiration of this Contract, or 
at such other times as the Purchaser may direct, Contractor will 
return to the Purchaser all such property, at Contractor's 
expense. 
25. AUDIT   
25.01 
As used in this Article, "Records" shall include, without 
limitation and as applicable to the type of Contract or 
remuneration specified therein, books, documents, accounting 
records, payroll payment records, accounting policies, 

 
8 
 
practices, procedures, subcontractor files, original estimates, 
estimate worksheets, records relating to services or quantities 
delivered, hours of work performed, compliance with contract 
requirements, proposals, pricing of the contract, subcontract, or 
modifications, or any other cost, price adjustment, or extra 
charge claimed under the Contract, change order files, and any 
other records or performance reports which may have a bearing 
on matters associated with the Service(s), or with the 
performance of the Service(s), regardless of the type and 
regardless of whether such items are in written form, in the form 
of computer data, or in any other form. 
25.02 
Contractor agrees to maintain, in accordance with 
sound and commonly accepted accounting procedures and 
practices, Records of all direct and indirect costs and 
disbursements of any nature involving transactions related to 
this Contract or a Subcontract.   
25.03 
Contractor shall make its Records available at its office 
for examination, audit, or reproduction by Purchaser or 
Purchaser’s designated representative, at all reasonable times 
until the expiration of five (5) years after the date of final 
payment under the Contract, or for such shorter or longer period, 
if any, as is required by other Articles of this Contract. Purchaser 
shall have the right to examine and audit all Records and other 
evidence sufficient to validate that all amounts invoiced under 
this Contract comply with the terms of the Contract. Purchaser 
will: (i) limit the scope of its audit and examination only to the 
Contract, (ii) not have access to any other Contractor’s 
information, and (iii) ensure that both itself or its designated 
representatives will fully comply with Confidentiality and Data 
Privacy provisions set out in this Contract. 
25.04 
If an audit determines that Purchaser has overpaid 
Contractor, Purchaser, in addition to any other rights it may have 
as a matter of law, shall have the right to: (a) deduct the amount 
of such overpayment from any payments due or that may 
become due to Contractor under this Contract; and/or (b) 
demand that Contractor reimburse Purchaser the amount of any 
such overpayment.  The aforementioned rights shall also apply 
to any obligations Contractor owed but did not provide to its 
employees or Subcontractors under this Contract.   
25.05 
The obligations of Contractor under this Article shall be 
incorporated into all Subcontracts of any tier, and Purchaser 
shall have the rights to examine, audit and reproduce Records 
of all Subcontractors to the same extent and manner as if such 
Subcontractor had privity of contract with Purchaser. 
25.06 
The failure of Contractor to comply with the 
requirements of this Article shall be a material breach of 
Contract. 
26. CONFIDENTIALITY 
26.01 
Contractor shall keep all work and services carried out 
hereunder entirely confidential, and not use, publish, or make 
known to any persons other than its personnel and 
Subcontractors any information, whether developed by 
Contractor under this Contract or provided by Purchaser, 
without Purchaser’s prior written authorization. For the 
avoidance of doubt, Purchaser shall have the right, in its sole 
discretion, to withhold the authorizations and/or consents 
referred to in the preceding sentences.  The foregoing 
obligations shall not apply to any information that was in 
Contractor’s possession prior to commencement of work under 
this Contract, or which is or shall become available to the 
general public in a printed publication through no fault of the 
Contractor.  
26.02 
When consulted by the news media, or others, about 
the Contract or the Services carried under the Contract, 
Contractor shall refer the request for information to Purchaser 
for its response. Purchaser shall be the only party making public 
representations regarding the Purchaser, this Contract, and/or 
the Services performed under it.  
26.03 
Purchaser shall treat information that Contractor has 
marked as proprietary or confidential in the same manner as 
Purchaser treats its own proprietary or confidential information.  
26.04 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this 
Contract and except for tax advice, neither Party may disclose 
Confidential Information of the other to a third party except as 
may be required by law, statute, rule or regulation (including 
professional standards and regulations), including any 
subpoena or other similar form of process, provided that the 
Party to which the request is made must provide the other Party 
with prompt prior written notice (where permitted by law) and 
allow the other Party to seek a restraining order or other 
appropriate relief. 
26.05 
Notwithstanding the provisions of this Article 26, for 
any contract award valued at and over US $250,000, the World 
Bank Group reserves the right to publicly disclose contract 
award information – specifically, in relation to the Contractor, the 
name of the Contractor receiving the contract and its country, a 
brief description of the contract goods or services, and the 
contract award amount. Contractor’s proposal and contractual 
documents will remain confidential and therefore not subject to 
disclosure. 
26.06 
The obligations established in this Article shall in no 
way limit Contractor’s internal use of the work created as part of 
the Services. 
27. PURCHASER NAME/LOGO 
27.01 
Contractor may, without prior approval of the 
Purchaser, use the Purchaser’s name among its references in 
its customer lists or resumes.  Any other use of the Purchaser’s 
name, including use of the Purchaser’s logo or discussion of the 
Service performed by the Contractor for the Purchaser, is not 

 
9 
 
authorized without first obtaining written permission from the 
Purchaser’s Chief, Corporate Procurement Unit. 
28. CLOSE RELATIVES AND FORMER WORLD BANK 
GROUP STAFF 
28.01 
Contractor shall exert reasonable commercial efforts 
not to assign to work on this Contract any relatives of current 
World Bank Group staff, whether they are Contractor’s or its 
Subcontractor’s employees. For purposes of this Article, the 
term "relative" is defined as (including those related by adoption 
and/or step or half relationship): mother, father, sister, brother, 
son, daughter, aunt, uncle, niece and nephew. 
28.02 
In the event the Purchaser or Contractor discovers that 
a relative of a current World Bank Group staff is performing work 
under this contract as one of Contractor’s or its Subcontractors’ 
employees, Purchaser may direct Contractor to promptly 
replace the said employee at no additional cost to the 
Purchaser, with an employee having equivalent skills. 
Contractor shall also reimburse the Purchaser for any actual 
direct costs incurred by the Purchaser resulting from an 
intentional violation of this Article. 
28.03 
Contractor shall provide Purchaser with a list of 
Contractor's or Subcontractor’s employees (i) that are former 
World 
Bank 
Group 
staff 
members, 
and 
(ii) 
who 
Contractor/Subcontractor intends to assign to provide services 
under this Contract. Contractor shall warrant that the said former 
World Bank Group staff are not subject to any work restrictions 
by virtue of their former employment with the World Bank Group.   
28.04 
For purposes of this Article, World Bank Group staff 
members are defined as World Bank Group employees, and 
individuals who have worked for the World Bank Group with at 
least one of the following types of appointments: Short Term 
Contractor (STC), Short Term Temporary (STT), Extended 
Term Contractor (ETC), Extended Term Temporary (ETT), 
Regular, Open-ended, Term, Local, Executive Director’s 
Advisor, or Special Assignment. 
29. PROCUREMENT INTEGRITY 
29.01 
Having due regard to the nature and purposes of the 
Purchaser as an international organization, Contractor agrees 
to adhere to the highest standards of ethical competence and 
integrity in the performance of this Contract. Contractor also 
agrees to require that all persons assigned to work under this 
contract conduct themselves in a manner consistent with the 
Contractor’s Code of Conduct. 
29.02 
Contractor represents that, in providing the Services, it 
is and will be in compliance with all applicable laws, ordinances, 
rules, regulations, and lawful orders of public authorities of any 
jurisdiction in which work shall be performed under this 
Contract.   
29.03 
Contractor acknowledges that it is aware of and will 
comply with Purchaser's vendors' policies as posted on 
Purchaser's 
Vendor's 
Kiosk 
web 
site 
(www.worldbank.org/vendorkiosk), including but not limited to 
those regarding conflicts of interest, fraud and corruption, gifts, 
conduct of contractor personnel, contractor responsibility, and 
anti-money laundering policies (collectively "Purchaser's 
Vendor Integrity Policies").   
29.04 
Contractor shall use reasonable efforts to ensure that 
funds paid to Contractor by the World Bank Group (and to all 
Subcontractors by Contractor and its Subcontractors) are not 
used to finance, support or conduct terrorism. 
29.05 
Contractor 
and 
Contractor’s 
employees, 
Subcontractors and Subcontractor’s employees shall, during the 
term of the Contract, strictly avoid any activities that may create 
real or apparent conflicts of interest (under Contractor’s 
applicable professional standards) with their duties to the 
Purchaser under this Contract. 
29.06 
Contractor warrants that no official or employee of the 
World Bank Group or its member governments has received or 
will be offered by Contractor any direct or indirect gifts, favors or 
benefit arising from this Contract or the award thereof. 
29.07 
The remuneration of the Contractor shall constitute the 
sole remuneration in connection with this Contract.  The 
Contractor shall not accept for its own benefit any trade 
commission, discount or similar payment in connection with 
activities pursuant to this Contract, or in the discharge of its 
obligations hereunder, and the Contractor shall use its best 
efforts to ensure that any Subcontractors, and the employees, 
agents 
and 
representatives 
of 
Contractor 
and 
any 
Subcontractors shall not receive any such additional 
remuneration.   
29.08 
Contractor agrees that, within 30 days of having 
reasonable grounds to believe that Contractor, Contractor's 
employees, Subcontractors or Subcontractors' employees 
have: (a) violated any applicable laws, ordinances, rules, 
regulations, and lawful orders of public authorities in performing 
this Contract; (b) violated Purchaser's Vendor Integrity Policies; 
(c) engaged in conduct that would lead to suspension, 
debarment or a finding of ineligibility; (d) used funds paid by the 
World Bank Group to Contractor to finance, support or conduct 
terrorism; or (e) an actual, potential or apparent conflict of 
interest, Contractor will disclose it in writing, by providing Notice 
to Purchaser pursuant to Article 42 (Notices) of such violations, 
conducts, prohibited use of funds, or conflicts of interest. 
29.09 
Contractor agrees that it will not discharge, demote, 
suspend, threaten, harass, retaliate against, or otherwise 
discriminate against any Contractor employee in the terms and 
conditions of such employee's employment as a reprisal for 
such employee's disclosing to Purchaser or other proper 

 
10 
 
authority information relating to a violation of Purchaser's 
Vendor Integrity Policies or any substantial violation of law 
relating to the award or performance of this Contract.  
30. CONTRACTOR NOT TO ENGAGE IN CERTAIN 
ACTIVITIES 
30.01 
The Contractor shall provide professional, objective 
and impartial services without consideration for future work. The 
Contractor shall avoid undertaking other assignments that 
constitute an actual or apparent conflict of interest. 
30.02 
The Contractor agrees that if, at any time during the 
Contract Term, it discovers either an actual or potential conflict 
of interest with respect to this Contract, it shall make a prompt 
disclosure in writing to the Chief Corporate Procurement 
pursuant to Article 42 (Notices), which shall include a 
description of the action(s) which the Contractor has taken or 
proposes to take to avoid, eliminate or neutralize the conflict. 
30.03 
Upon receipt and review of Contractor’s written 
disclosure as per the paragraph above, the Chief Corporate 
Procurement shall provide the Contractor with written 
instructions to manage and/or mitigate the conflict.  The 
Purchaser reserves the right to terminate the Contract if such 
action is determined to be in the best interests of the Purchaser. 
30.04 
Contractor shall require its Subcontractors to comply 
with the provisions of this Article 30. 
30.05 
The Contractor can freely compete or otherwise 
provide services for a subsequent assignment unless 
Contractor has an unfair advantage to compete in the relevant 
bidding process as a result of providing the Services subject of 
this Contract. In those cases, Contractor shall obtain written 
consent to provide the assignment from Purchaser. The 
Purchaser shall not unduly withhold consent unless there is an 
unfair advantage that cannot be adequately managed or 
mitigated.  
30.06 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the “other 
assignment” referenced in Section 30.01 or the “subsequent 
assignment” referenced in Section 30.05 above  relates to a 
project that is financed in whole or in part by a loan from the 
International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (IBRD), 
a credit or a grant from the International Development 
Association (IDA), a project preparation advance (PPA), a grant 
from IBRD, or a trust fund administered by IBRD and executed 
by the recipient, the IBRD Guidelines as may be applicable to 
such loans, credits, grants or trust funds shall govern. 
31. BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION 
31.01 
Prior to employing individuals or Subcontractors to 
perform services under this Contract on Purchaser premises, 
Contractor agrees, at its own expense, to perform or cause to 
be performed in accordance with applicable laws the following 
background investigation, and to maintain, or cause to be 
maintained, for 7 years, the results of the investigation in its 
employee’s and its Subcontractor’s employee file: 
(a) Criminal records search over the last seven (7) years, with 
such search being conducted in all jurisdictions where a 
Social Security check indicated the individual worked and 
jurisdictions where the individual indicated maintaining 
residence or going to school; and 
(b) Employment history verification, including dates of 
employment, performance, salary, job title, eligibility for re-
hire, etc., and verification of Social Security numbers to 
ensure they are valid and issued in the corresponding 
name.  Contractor shall represent and warrant that it has 
performed the requested record searches and verifications 
and that, on that basis, its employees and its 
Subcontractors’ employees assigned to work on the 
Purchaser premises: (a) have not been convicted of a 
criminal offense (felony or misdemeanor) during the last 
seven (7) years; (b) are not listed on the National Sex 
Offender Registry; (c) do not have pending criminal 
proceedings; (d) have not been convicted for violations 
(including traffic violations) that would be relevant to 
performance of employment; and (f) have a valid Social 
Security number or work permit.  Should a Contractor 
employee have a break in assignment on the Purchaser 
premises of more than one year, it will be necessary for the 
Contractor to re-warrant that its employee meets the 
aforementioned standard prior to requesting renewal of 
Purchaser-issued ID card. 
32. ASSIGNMENT 
32.01 
Neither this Contract nor any obligation or right under 
it shall be delegated, subcontracted or assigned by Contractor 
without the prior written consent of the Purchaser, except that 
claims for monies due or to become due under this Contract 
may, in accordance with Section 32.02 below, be assigned to a 
bank, trust company, or other financial institution, including any 
federal lending agency by Contractor without such prior written 
consent. 
32.02 
In the event that Contractor assigns any monies due or 
to become due to it hereunder, Contractor shall provide the 
Purchaser with two copies of each and every such assignment.  
Contractor also hereby agrees, notwithstanding the terms of any 
such assignment, that the Purchaser may apply payments owed 
to an assignee to set-off or recoupment for any present or future 
claim or claims which the Purchaser may have against the 
Contractor.  The Purchaser reserves the right to make direct 
settlements or adjustments in price or both, with Contractor 
under the terms of this Contract and without notice to any 
assignee.  Contractor shall indemnify and hold harmless the 
Purchaser against any liability that may arise as a result of such 
assignment. 

 
11 
 
33. CHANGE OF CONTROL OR CHANGE OF OWNERSHIP 
Purchaser hereby reserves the right to terminate this contract in 
the event of a change of control or of ownership of Contractor. 
34. ENVIRONMENTAL 
34.01 
In order to contribute to waste reduction and to 
increase the development and awareness of environmentally 
sound purchasing, wherever possible, Contractor will perform 
the Service by using durable products, reusable products and 
products (including those used in services) that contain the 
maximum level of post-consumer waste, post-industrial and/or 
recyclable content, without significantly affecting the intended 
use of the goods or services.  It is recognized that a cost 
analysis may be required in order to ensure that such products 
are made available at competitive prices. 
35. DIVERSITY  
35.01 
The Contractor will support opportunities for access 
and growth of entities owned and controlled by minorities, 
women, and disabled persons with an emphasis on measurable 
results and continuous improvement.  The Contractor is 
encouraged to support the World Bank Diversity program by, at 
a minimum, directly contracting with such suppliers to expand 
their involvement in Purchaser’s business.  Contractor will be 
expected to report on results specifically pertaining to this Article 
as required by Purchaser. 
36. CHILD LABOR  
36.01 
Forced or indentured child labor means all work or 
service: (a) exacted from any person under the age of eighteen 
(18) under the menace of any penalty for its non-performance 
and for which the worker does not offer himself voluntarily; or (b) 
performed by any person under the age of eighteen (18) 
pursuant to a contract the enforcement of which can be 
accomplished by process or penalties.  Contractor certifies that 
no forced or indentured child labor was used to mine, produce, 
or manufacture, in whole or in part, any end product or 
component, or perform any service furnished under this 
Contract.  
37. FAIR LABOR STANDARDS  
37.01 
Contractor shall pay all employees whose work relates 
to this Contract not less than the minimum wage prescribed by 
applicable law or regulation, without rebate, either directly or 
indirectly, and without making any deductions, either directly or 
indirectly, from the full wages earned, other than permissible 
deductions as set forth in applicable laws or regulations.  
Contractor shall not require, suffer, or permit any employee 
whose work relates to this Contract to work more than the 
maximum hours in any workweek permitted by applicable law or 
regulation unless such employees are paid at least the overtime 
rate specified by applicable law or regulation.  
38. SEVERABILITY 
38.01 
If any term or provision of this Contract shall to any 
extent be judicially declared invalid and unenforceable, the 
remainder of the Contract shall remain valid and enforceable to 
the extent possible. 
38.02 
Any provision of this Contract prohibited by the laws of 
any jurisdiction where the Service is provided or performed shall 
be ineffective within said jurisdiction, without invalidating the 
remaining provisions of this Contract 
39. LANGUAGE  
39.01 
This Contract has been executed in the English 
language, which shall be the binding and controlling language 
for all matters relating to the meaning or interpretation of this 
Contract. 
40. PRESERVATION OF IMMUNITIES 
40.01 
Nothing herein shall constitute or be considered to be 
a limitation upon or a waiver of the privileges and immunities of 
any member of the World Bank Group, which privileges and 
immunities are specifically reserved. 
41. BENEFITS EXTEND TO WORLD BANK GROUP 
MEMBERS 
41.01 
The benefits of this Contract shall extend to all 
members of the World Bank Group whether or not they are 
signatories to this Contract. 
42. NOTICES 
42.01 
Any notice, including without limitation any notification, 
claim, or request for consent or authorization, required or 
permitted to be given under this Contract, shall be in writing 
addressed to the person identified below and shall be deemed 
to have been given if: (a) sent by registered or certified mail; or 
(b) transmitted by any other means if and when receipt is 
acknowledged by an authorized representative of the Corporate 
Procurement Unit.  No authorization or consent required under 
this Contract shall be effective unless and until given in writing 
by an authorized representative of the Corporate Procurement 
Unit.  
42.02 
For The Purchaser:  
 
Chief Corporate Procurement 
The International Bank for Reconstruction and Development or 
International Finance Corporation 
Corporate Procurement, MSN C 4-400 
1818 H Street, N.W. 
 
Washington, D.C. 20433 
With copy to: Purchaser’s Contract Manager named in the SC. 
42.03 
For the Contractor: 
 

 
12 
 
As stated in the SC. 
43. FLOW-DOWN OBLIGATIONS 
43.01 
The obligations of Contractor under the following 
Articles shall be complied with by all Subcontracts of any tier: 
(a) Article 21, Copyright 
(b) Article 23, Security Rules and Regulations 
(c) Article 24, Purchaser Property 
(d) Article 25, Audit 
(e) Article 26, Confidentiality 
(f) Article 27, Purchaser's Name/Logo 
(g) Article 28, Close Relatives and Former World Bank Group 
Staff 
(h) Article 29, Procurement Integrity 
(i) Article 30, Contractor Not to Engage in Certain Activities 
(j) Article 32, Assignment 
(k) Article 34, Environmental 
(l) Article 35, Diversity 
(m) Article 36, Child Labor 
(n) Article 37, Fair Labor Standards 
(o) Article 40, Preservation of Immunities 
44. ENTIRE CONTRACT 
44.01 
This Contract, including the Contract Documents 
attached hereto and referenced herein, constitutes the entire, 
integrated understanding and agreement between the parties 
and supersedes any oral or prior written agreements with 
respect to the subject matter of this Contract. 
***********
  

