 
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
Service Agreement ver 7132017 
    
 
CBRE 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SERVICE AGREEMENT 
Between 
CBRE South Asia Pvt. Ltd 
& 
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
 
    -1- 
CBRE Service Agreement 31.03.17 
 
SCHEDULE 
1 
 
 
Contract Number 
MSA / VEN /           /2020 dated 
_____ February 2020 
2 
Page 4 
Main Agreement Effective Date   
 
3 
Page 4 
Main Agreement CBRE Legal Entity 
CBRE SOUTH ASIA 
PRIVATE LIMITED 
4 
Page 4 
Main Agreement Service Provider Name  
 
5 
Page 8 
Section C 
Agreement Term 
 
6 
Page 27 
Section W 
Contact Information of 
CBRE 
Mr. Amit Verma 
7 
Page 27 
Section W 
Contact Information of the 
Service Provider 
 
8 
Page 29 
Section AA 10 
Currency  
INR 
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the Effective 
Date. 
 
CBRE Legal entity in 3 of the Schedule table 
above 
 
SERVICE PROVIDER in 4 of the 
Schedule table above: 
 
 
 
Address: PTI Building, Ground Floor, 4 Sansad 
Marg, New Delhi – 110 001 
 
Address: 
 
 
 
Company Registration Number: 
 
Company Registration Number: 
U74140DL1999PTC100244 
 
 
By: 
 
 
By: 
 
Name: 
Mr. Ashish Podar 
 
Name: 
 
Title: 
Executive Director – Global 
Workplace Solutions 
 
Title: 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
 
    -2- 
CBRE Service Agreement 31.03.17 
Contents 
A. 
Definitions and Interpretation. ............................................................................................... 4 
B. 
Designation of Account Manager. .......................................................................................... 7 
C. 
Term of Agreement ................................................................................................................. 8 
D. 
Services. .................................................................................................................................... 8 
E. 
Change Process ...................................................................................................................... 10 
F. 
Service Provider’s Compensation. ....................................................................................... 10 
G. 
Termination............................................................................................................................ 11 
H. 
Service Provider Representations and Warranties. ........................................................... 13 
I. 
Service Warranty................................................................................................................... 14 
J. 
Compliance with Laws. ......................................................................................................... 15 
K. 
Data Protection. ..................................................................................................................... 17 
L. 
Service Provider Personnel. .................................................................................................. 18 
M. 
Independent Contractor. ...................................................................................................... 20 
N. 
Taxes ....................................................................................................................................... 20 
O. 
Assignment and Subcontracting. ......................................................................................... 21 
P. 
Non-Solicitation ..................................................................................................................... 21 
Q. 
Insurance Requirements ....................................................................................................... 21 
R. 
Indemnification and Settlement ........................................................................................... 23 
S. 
Confidentiality Obligations................................................................................................... 24 
T. 
Ownership of Materials. ....................................................................................................... 25 
U. 
Force Majeure Events and Suspension of Work. ............................................................... 26 
V. 
Mediation, Governing Law and Jurisdiction. ..................................................................... 27 
W. 
Notices ..................................................................................................................................... 28 
X. 
Limitation of Liability. .......................................................................................................... 28 
Y. 
Third Party Beneficiaries...................................................................................................... 28 
Z. 
Audit ....................................................................................................................................... 29 
AA. Miscellaneous. ........................................................................................................................ 29 
BB. Order of Precedence .............................................................................................................. 31 
CC. Client’s Consent; Effectiveness ............................................................................................ 31 
DD. Exhibit 1: Amendment to the Terms and Conditions 
EE. Exhibit 2: Definition of Services 
FF. Exhibit 3: Statement of Work 
GG. Exhibit 4: Pricing 
HH. Exhibit 5: CBRE Service Provider Code of Conduct 

 
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
 
    -3- 
CBRE Service Agreement 31.03.17 
II. 
Exhibit 6: Drug Testing & Background Investigation 
JJ. 
Exhibit 7: Insurance Requirement 
KK. Exhibit 8: Service Provider Invoicing Instructions 
 
LL. Exhibit 9: CBRE Policy & Standards 
MM. Exhibit 10: Governance Model Principle 
NN. Exhibit 11: Local Terms 
OO. Exhibit 12: Variation Agreement 
 
 
 

 
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
 
    -4- 
CBRE Service Agreement 31.03.17 
SERVICE AGREEMENT 
 
THIS SERVICE AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”), dated as of “Effective Date” (refer 
to no. 2 of the Schedule table), is entered into by and between CBRE (refer to no. 3 of the 
Schedule table), and Service Provider (refer to no. 4 of the Schedule table).  CBRE and Service 
Provider may be referred to herein individually as a “Party” and collectively as the “Parties”.  
W I T N E S S E T H: 
WHEREAS, CBRE has entered into one or more contracts with Client as hereafter defined for the 
performance of certain facility management and/or real estate services, and CBRE desires to 
engage Service Provider to provide, and Service Provider desires to provide, a portion of the 
Services and/or materials to be rendered or delivered under such contract or contracts at those 
Client Facilities listed on Exhibit 3 (Statement of Work) attached hereto and made a part hereof 
and at other Facilities as may be specified by CBRE from time to time.   
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the agreements contained herein and other good and 
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties 
hereto covenant and agree as follows: 
A. Definitions and Interpretation. 
In this Agreement the following definitions and rules of interpretation apply: 
1. “Affiliate(s)” means any legal entity that, directly or indirectly, (i) is owned and/or 
controlled by, (ii) owns and/or controls, or (iii) is under common ownership and/or control 
with, a Party. 
2. “Applicable Laws” means all applicable regional, country, and local statutes, laws 
(including the common law), ordinances, rules, codes, and regulations governing Service 
Provider, the Services and the Facilities, including those of applicable regulatory bodies, 
governmental agencies, tribunals, instrumentalities, or any subdivisions thereof or other 
applicable entities exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or 
administrative powers of or pertaining to government including, without limitation, 
applicable import and export control laws, anti-corruption laws prohibiting the payment of 
commercial or private bribes, and any other applicable anti-corruption laws. 
3. Intentionally omitted. 
4. “CBRE Indemnified Parties” means (i) CBRE and its officers, directors, shareholders, 
employees, agents, representatives, subsidiaries, Affiliates, successors, and assigns, and 
(ii) any person or entity that CBRE is required to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless in 
connection with Service Provider’s performance of the Services, including, but not limited 
to, the Client. 

 
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
 
    -5- 
CBRE Service Agreement 31.03.17 
5. “Client” means any entity with whom CBRE has contracted to provide the Services as 
defined in the Statement of Work. 
6. “Client Data” means all data and information, in any form, provided or made available to 
Service Provider by or on behalf of Client or its Affiliates or otherwise obtained or created 
by Service Provider for or on behalf of  Client or its Affiliates, including (i) all data and 
information obtained, developed or produced by Service Provider specifically for the 
benefit of Client in connection with this Agreement, (ii) all Client data and information to 
which Service Provider has access in connection with this Agreement, (iii) all reports 
provided to CBRE or Client by Service Provider pursuant to this Agreement, and (iv) all 
data and information derived from Client data and information provided or made available 
to Service Provider by or on behalf of Client or its Affiliates; 
7.  “Confidential Information” means any information of CBRE or Client that is not generally 
known to the public and at the time of disclosure is identified, or would reasonably be 
understood by the Service Provider, to be proprietary or confidential, whether disclosed in 
oral, written, visual, electronic or other form, and which the Service Provider (or its 
subcontractors or agents) observes or learns in connection with this Agreement.  
Confidential Information includes, but is not limited to:  (a) business plans, strategies, 
forecasts, projects and analyses; (b) financial information and fee structures; (c) business 
processes, methods and models; (d) employee and service provider information; (e) 
materials,  product and service specifications; (f) manufacturing, purchasing, logistics, 
sales and marketing information; and (g) the terms and conditions of this Agreement.  
Confidential Information also includes Personal Data and Client Data. 
8. “Data Protection Legislation” means any Applicable Laws in force from time to time 
relating to privacy legislation and guidance issued by data protection regulators in the 
relevant jurisdiction. 
9. “Deliverables” means the Services and any materials (including software), or any 
modifications, enhancements or derivative works thereof (including modifications and 
enhancements to Service Provider owned materials and, to the extent agreed by third 
parties and subcontractors, third party owned materials), developed pursuant to this 
Agreement by or on behalf of (a) Service Provider, (b) subcontractors or (c) any 
combination of Service Provider and subcontractors, to the extent developed originally and 
specifically for CBRE or Client, as part of the Services.  
10. “Facilities” means the real property and buildings, listed in Exhibit 3 (Statement of Work), 
as such may be amended from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. 
11. “Hazardous Materials” means any material or substance which is or becomes defined as a 
“hazardous waste,” “hazardous substance,” “hazardous material,” or similar pollutant or 
contaminant under any regulation or Applicable Laws. 
12. “Incorporated Documents” means all Exhibits and Addenda to this Agreement. 
13. “Insolvency Event” means the occurrence of any of the following:  

 
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
 
    -6- 
CBRE Service Agreement 31.03.17 
a. 
Service Provider suspends, or threatens to suspend, payment of its debts or is unable to 
pay its debts as they fall due or admits inability to pay its debts or (being a company or 
limited liability partnership) is deemed unable to pay its debts within the meaning of any 
Applicable Law; 
b. 
Service Provider commences negotiations with all or any class of its creditors with a 
view to rescheduling any of its debts, or makes a proposal for or enters into any 
compromise or arrangement with any of its creditors other than (being a company) for 
the sole purpose of a scheme for a solvent amalgamation of Service Provider with one or 
more other companies or the solvent reconstruction of Service Provider; 
c. 
a petition is filed, a notice is given, a resolution is passed, or an order is made, for or in 
connection with the winding up of Service Provider (being a company) other than for the 
sole purpose of a scheme for a solvent amalgamation of Service Provider with one or 
more other companies or the solvent reconstruction of Service Provider; 
d. 
an application is made to court, or an order is made, for the appointment of an 
administrator, or if a notice of intention to appoint an administrator is given or if an 
administrator is appointed, over Service Provider (being a company); 
e. 
the holder of a qualifying floating charge over the assets of Service Provider (being a 
company) has become entitled to appoint or has appointed an administrative receiver; 
f. 
a person becomes entitled to appoint a receiver over all or any of the assets of Service 
Provider or a receiver is appointed over all or any of the assets of Service Provider; 
g. 
a creditor or secured party of Service Provider attaches or takes possession of, or a 
distress, execution, sequestration or other such process is levied or enforced on or sued 
against, the whole or any part of Service Provider's assets and such attachment or process 
is not discharged within 14 days; or 
h. 
any event occurs, or proceeding is taken, with respect to Service Provider in any 
jurisdiction to which it is subject that has an effect equivalent or similar to any of the 
events mentioned in (a) to (g) (inclusive) above. 
14.  “KPIs” means those certain Key Performance Indicators or Service Levels, if any, set forth 
in Exhibit 2 (Definition of Services).  
15. “CBRE Policy & Standards” means such operating standard, if any, set forth in Exhibit 9.   
16.  “Personal Data” shall mean any Personal Data (as defined in Applicable Laws) in respect 
of which CBRE (or any member of its group), or any Client or Client Indemnified Party is 
a Data Controller (as defined in Section L.1), and which is Processed by the Service 
Provider under or in connection with this Agreement from time to time. 
17.  “Process” has the meaning given to it under the Data Protection Legislation but, for the 
purposes of this Agreement, it shall include both manual and automatic processing. 

 
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
 
    -7- 
CBRE Service Agreement 31.03.17 
18. “Service Provider Personnel” means: (a) the officers, employees, and agents of Service 
Provider; and (b) the officers, employees, and agents of Service Provider's suppliers, 
service providers or subcontractors.  
19. “Services” means the goods or services provided by Service Provider purchased by CBRE 
under this Agreement as set forth in Exhibit 2 (Definition of Services), including all related 
deliverables and all labour, tools, materials, equipment, and transportation necessary to 
complete the Services and including the completion of such Services.  The term Services 
will include, where the Services contemplate, delivery of a system or works, such system 
or works and any goods, components or materials supplied in connection with the Services.  
20. “Replacement Service Provider” means any replacement provider to CBRE and/or the 
Client of services which are the same as or similar to the Services (or any part of them) 
further to the expiry or earlier termination of the Services (or any part of them). 
21.  “Statement of Work” means a written document issued by CBRE authorizing Service 
Provider to initiate performance of the Services identified in this Agreement.  
22. “Taxes” means any and all sales, use, excise, value-added, goods and services, 
consumption, withholding and other similar taxes and duties that are imposed by 
Applicable Laws in connection with: (i) the provision of the Services as a whole; (ii) the 
provision of any particular Service; and (iii) any equipment, materials or other resources 
provided or used in connection with the Services. 
23. Intentionally omitted.  
24. Intentionally omitted. 
25. Interpretation   In this Agreement a reference to one gender shall include reference to every 
gender; words denoting a singular number include the plural and vice versa; references to 
persons shall include firms, companies and other organisations; a reference to a statutory 
provision includes a reference to the same as modified, re-enacted or replaced from time 
to time and any subordinate legislation made under it; a reference to a legal or regulatory 
body includes a reference to any successor body or bodies to it; the words “include”, 
“includes”, “including” and “in particular” shall be construed as if they were followed by 
the words “without limitation” and a reference to this Agreement shall include its Exhibits.  
Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, the rights and remedies provided under 
this Agreement are in addition to, and not exclusive of, any other rights or remedies, 
whether under this Agreement or provided by law. 
B. Designation of Account Manager.  Service Provider shall assign a senior employee as Service 
Provider’s CBRE account manager, at no cost to CBRE, who will be responsible for working 
directly with CBRE’s representatives with respect to all matters pertaining to the performance 
of this Agreement by Service Provider.  Service Provider shall not reassign or remove the 
account manager or assign other employees to serve as account manager without providing 
prior written notice to CBRE which notice shall include the name and contact information for 
the successor account manager. 

 
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
 
    -8- 
CBRE Service Agreement 31.03.17 
C. Term of Agreement.  The initial term of this Agreement (the “Initial Term”) shall commence 
on the Effective Date (refer to no. 2 of Schedule table) or and shall continue through the end 
of the day (refer to no. 5 of Schedule table immediately preceding anniversary date of this 
Agreement, unless sooner terminated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.  CBRE shall 
have the option to extend the Initial Term for successive periods of one year each (each, an 
“Extension Period”) by delivering notice thereof to Service Provider on or prior to thirty (30) 
days before the expiration of the Initial Term or the current Extension Period, as the case may 
be (the Initial Term, as it may be so extended, the “Term”).  Upon expiration of the Term, this 
Agreement shall automatically renew on a month-to-month basis under the existing terms, 
conditions and pricing until the Parties modify the Term of the Agreement, execute a new 
Agreement or either Party provides the other Party with at least thirty (30) days termination 
notice.  In the event that the date of completion of any Statement of Work(s) entered into 
pursuant to this Agreement, or the time for performance of any Services performed pursuant 
to that certain Statement of Work(s) extends beyond the expiration or termination date of this 
Agreement, this Agreement shall continue to apply to such Statement of Work(s) and the terms 
of the Statement of Work(s) shall remain unchanged and in effect until expiration of the 
Statement of Work or it is otherwise terminated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 
D. Services.   
1. Provision of Services.  Service Provider shall perform the Services in accordance with 
standards and methods identified in this Agreement, including Exhibit 9 (CBRE Policy and 
Standards) or, if none is specified, with the methods generally employed in the performance 
of the Services or as may be specified by CBRE from time to time.  At all times, Service 
Provider shall be solely responsible, at its sole cost and expense, for providing the 
equipment, personnel and all other resources necessary to provide or perform the Services.  
If any services, functions or responsibilities not specifically described herein are necessary 
for the proper performance and provision of the Services, they shall be deemed to be 
implied by and included within the scope of Services to the same extent and in the same 
manner as if specifically described herein.  Subject to the requirements of Exhibit 9 (CBRE 
Policy and Standards), all Services shall be performed with the degree of care, skill, 
diligence, professional knowledge, judgment and expertise consistent with the applicable 
work practices and the highest professional industry standards in accordance with the 
requirements and specifications set forth in this Agreement. All Services shall be subject 
to the Client Required Contract Flow-down Provisions as set forth in the Statement of 
Work.  Further, in performing under any Statement of Work issued pursuant to this 
Agreement, and without limiting its other obligations hereunder, the Service Provider shall 
perform the Services so as to achieve those KPIs set forth in such Statement of Work. 
2. Services for CBRE Affiliates within same Jurisdiction. Notwithstanding any provision to 
the contrary in the Agreement, CBRE Affiliates within the same jurisdiction governing this 
Agreement (“CBRE Affiliates”), may order Services under this Agreement through the 
execution of a Statement of Work (in the form of Exhibit 3) without any further need of 
any novation or amendment of this Agreement and without affecting CBRE’s or Service 
Provider’s respective obligations, responsibilities and liabilities under this Agreement. 
With respect to the Services for the CBRE Affiliate under a Statement of Work, it is hereby 
understood that references to “CBRE” in this Agreement refer to the CBRE Affiliate. Each 

 
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
 
    -9- 
CBRE Service Agreement 31.03.17 
Statement of Work will create contractual rights and obligations solely under this 
Agreement between the CBRE entity issuing such Statement of Work and the Service 
Provider.  
3. No Exclusivity.   Service Provider understands and agrees that CBRE does not guaranty 
any volume of Services or minimum or maximum number of Statement of Works that may 
be issued to Service Provider for Services under this Agreement and CBRE retains the right 
to enter into similar service agreements for similar services with any other service 
providers. 
4. Inspection of Services.  The Services and Service Provider’s performance of the Services 
are subject to examination, inspection, and testing by CBRE at all reasonable times and 
places.  If the Services are found to be defective or non-conforming, Service Provider shall 
immediately take action to remedy the defective or non-conforming Services in a timely 
manner and Service Provider shall reimburse CBRE for all expenses incurred in connection 
with such examination, inspection, and testing. 
5. Continuous Improvement of Services.  Generally and as part of the Services, Service 
Provider commits to continuously and incrementally improving its performance of the 
Services consistent with developments in the market for services similar in scope, scale 
and geographic coverage.  Except as expressly directed otherwise by Client, in writing, 
Service Provider will also maintain a level of technology and currency associated with the 
Services that is at least current with the then current level of technology: (i) that Service 
Provider utilizes for its other customers; and (ii) generally accepted in the industry and 
compatible with commercially available and supported technologies; provided that if 
changes require additional costs or resources, the Parties will discuss in good faith and 
mutually agree upon any change through the Change Process of this Agreement. 
6. Clean-up.  Service Provider shall keep its work area cleared of debris at all times.  If Service 
Provider fails to do so, CBRE may, at its discretion, clean-up the Facilities and charge 
Service Provider’s account (whether directly or by way of set off, as provided in this 
Agreement) all costs for the same, including any costs or penalties incurred by CBRE. 
7. Timely Performance.  Where this Agreement or a Statement of Work specifies a time for 
the performance of Service Provider’s obligations, TIME IS OF THE ESSENCE in such 
performance.  If Service Provider has knowledge that anything has prevented, may prevent 
or threatens to prevent the timely performance of the Services under this Agreement and/or 
the applicable Statement of Work, Service Provider shall promptly notify CBRE’s designee 
and include all relevant information concerning the delay or potential delay. 
8. Hazardous Materials.  If Service Provider becomes aware of or suspects the presence of 
Hazardous Materials at the Facilities, Service Provider shall immediately stop work in the 
affected area and notify CBRE in writing.  Service Provider and its employees who provide 
Services at Client Facilities will comply with all Applicable Laws.  Service Provider shall 
only use Hazardous Materials that are required in the ordinary course of providing the 
Services and in compliance with all Applicable Laws.  Service Provider shall assume sole 

 
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
 
    -10- 
CBRE Service Agreement 31.03.17 
responsibility and liability for any Hazardous Materials that it brings on-site in its provision 
of the Services. 
9. Incorporated Documents.  The Incorporated Documents are incorporated herein and are 
made a part of this Agreement by reference.  Service Provider acknowledges that it has 
received a copy of this Agreement in its entirety, has read and understands all of the terms 
and conditions of this Agreement, and further acknowledges and agrees that this 
Agreement incorporates, is governed by, and is subject to the Incorporated Documents. 
10. Risk of Loss and Title to Deliverables.  Service Provider shall bear the risk of any loss or 
damage to all equipment, supplies, and materials to be used by Service Provider in the 
performance of the Services, wherever located.  Title to any Deliverables in a physical form 
shall transfer to CBRE or the relevant Client (as applicable) on the earlier of payment for 
and delivery of such Deliverables. 
E. Change Process.  CBRE may, at any time during the progress of the Services, require 
additions, deductions or deviations (each individually referred to as a "Change") in the Services 
which must (i) be in writing, (ii) include any agreed upon price or schedule changes, and (iii) 
be signed by an authorized representative of each Party (“Change Notice”).  Service Provider 
shall not make Changes to Services or products or Changes to the processes or materials used 
to provide the Services to CBRE without prior written approval of CBRE.  Service Provider 
shall provide CBRE with a prior written request before implementing any Change covered by 
this Section (“Change Request”).  All Change Requests from Service Provider shall provide 
full details of the proposed Change(s).  Service Provider shall provide CBRE the Change 
Request at least two (2) months prior to the implementation date of any proposed Change.  If 
CBRE provides written acceptance in a Change Request, Service Provider may make the 
requested Change(s).  If CBRE rejects the Change Request or does not provide written 
acceptance within thirty (30) days of receipt of the Change Request, Service Provider shall not 
implement the Change.  If Service Provider does not follow the foregoing “Change Process”, 
Service Provider is responsible for all direct and indirect consequences, including, without 
limitation, all costs, damages, penalties, losses and expenses incurred by Service Provider, 
CBRE and/or Client. 
F. Service Provider’s Compensation.   
1. Service Provider Fees.  Service Provider’s compensation for the Services and eligible 
reimbursements shall be as described in this Agreement and in individual Statement of 
Works (“Service Provider Fees”).  Except as expressly provided in this Agreement and the 
applicable Statement of Works, Service Provider shall not be compensated or reimbursed 
for any expenses incurred by Service Provider in its rendering of the Services, and CBRE 
and Client shall have no obligation therefor. 
2. Invoicing Instructions.  Service Provider shall comply with the invoicing instructions set 
forth in Exhibit 8 (Service Provider Invoicing Instructions) which is attached hereto and 
incorporated herein by reference.  CBRE reserves the right to change the format and 
methodology in which invoices are submitted, processed and paid in its sole discretion 
upon providing written notice to Service Provider.  All invoices shall be submitted to 

 
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
 
    -11- 
CBRE Service Agreement 31.03.17 
CBRE for review, coding and approval no more frequently than monthly and within 
thirty (30) days of completion of the related Services.  Service Provider acknowledges and 
agrees that invoices for Services rendered pursuant to this Agreement must be received by 
no later than sixty (60) days after the date such Services are rendered.   Any invoices 
received by CBRE relating to Services performed more than sixty (60) days after the date 
such Services were rendered shall not be due or payable by CBRE.  For valuable 
consideration, the receipt of which is acknowledged by Service Provider, Service Provider 
agrees that failure by Service Provider to invoice for Services within the foregoing sixty 
(60) day period, shall constitute a full and complete release of any claims by Service 
Provider, whether in law or equity, and Service Provider waives its right to pursue any 
action, whether at law or in equity, arising out of this Agreement, against CBRE or Client 
and their  respective officers, shareholders, directors, partners, employees or agents.  All 
invoices shall include an itemization of all applicable Taxes due in connection with such 
invoice and other substantiating documentation or information as reasonably required by 
CBRE, including lien waivers and releases for itself and each of its subcontractors and 
service providers, as applicable. 
3. Payment.  Any undisputed sum due to Service Provider pursuant to this Agreement will be 
payable to Service Provider within sixty (60) calendar days or as indicated in the Statement 
of Work after receipt by CBRE of an invoice from Service Provider meeting the 
requirements of this Section; provided that  notwithstanding the foregoing, or any language 
to the contrary contained in this Agreement, CBRE shall have no obligation for the 
payment of any properly invoiced Service Provider Fees owed for Services satisfactorily 
completed by Service Provider until CBRE has received payment from Client for such 
Services Provider Fees.   
4. Service Provider Obligations.  Upon receipt of payment, Service Provider shall promptly 
pay all bills for labour and materials performed and furnished by others in connection with 
the Services.  Any amounts charged incorrectly or for non-conforming Services by Service 
Provider shall be refunded by Service Provider immediately upon the discovery thereof 
without additional cost to or further demand by CBRE. 
5.  CBRE Rights.  CBRE shall have the right, in CBRE’s sole discretion upon written notice 
to Service Provider, to issue joint cheques to Service Provider and any subcontractor or 
other third party engaged by Service Provider which performs a portion of the Services on 
behalf of Service Provider that has not been paid by Service Provider for services rendered.  
The issuance of any joint cheque pursuant to this provision shall not create any contractual, 
third party beneficiary or other relationship between Client, CBRE and such subcontractor 
or third party.  CBRE may offset any amounts paid or incurred to discharge, settle or 
remove any liens, judgments and/or claims arising from the Services of Service Provider 
against any payment then or thereafter due to Service Provider. 
G. Termination.   
1. Termination for Convenience.   

 
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
 
    -12- 
CBRE Service Agreement 31.03.17 
a. 
CBRE may terminate this Agreement and/or any Statement of Work, either in whole or 
in part, and with respect to one or more of the Facilities, without liability, fee or penalty, 
at any time and without cause upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to Service 
Provider.  In the event CBRE’s services have been terminated by Client or CBRE’s 
agreement with Client expires, and either Client or Client’s designee determines to 
continue this Agreement and require Service Provider to continue to perform Services 
hereunder, CBRE will not be subject to any fee, liability or penalty as a result thereof, 
and CBRE shall have no responsibility to Service Provider whatsoever after the date 
upon which CBRE shall no longer provide services to Client. 
2. Default.  The following events and conditions shall constitute a “Default” under this 
Agreement: 
a. a breach, failure to perform or comply with, or defect or delay in performance by the 
Service Provider of any the terms and conditions of, or, of its obligations under, this 
Agreement; or 
b. any representation or warranty of Service Provider in this Agreement is false or 
misleading in any material respect. 
3. Termination for Default.  If Service Provider is in Default in the performance of the 
Services or breaches any of its covenants, agreements or obligations under this Agreement 
or any Statement of Work, and such Default is not corrected within five (5) days of receipt 
of written notice from CBRE (unless such Default cannot be cured with the payment of a 
sum of money and otherwise cannot reasonably be cured within such five (5) day period, 
in which event Service Provider shall have an additional ten (10) days to cure such Default, 
provided such cure is promptly, continuously and diligently pursued), CBRE may in its 
discretion thereafter immediately terminate this Agreement and/or any such Statement of 
Work, either in whole or in part with respect to one or more of the Facilities, by written 
notice to Service Provider.  In addition, upon the occurrence of any such Default by Service 
Provider that is not cured within such period (or, in the case of an emergency, at any time 
prior thereto and without the need for notice), without thereby waiving such Default or any 
of CBRE’s other rights or remedies, and without liability to Service Provider in connection 
therewith, CBRE or its designee may (but shall not be obligated to) perform any such 
covenant, agreement or obligation under this Agreement or any Statement of Work for the 
account and at the expense of Service Provider, which Service Provider shall pay 
immediately upon demand together with all costs and expenses incurred by CBRE in 
enforcing its rights against Service Provider.   
4. Termination for Insolvency Events.  CBRE may terminate this Agreement immediately by 
written notice to Service Provider if an Insolvency Event occurs.   
5. Effect of Termination. Upon any termination, Service Provider shall be paid only for 
Services properly rendered prior to the effective date of the termination as determined by 
CBRE.  CBRE, however, may withhold any payments due Service Provider upon its 
Default for the purpose of set-off until such time as the exact amount of damages due to 
CBRE from Service Provider is determined.  Termination or expiry of this Agreement shall 
not affect any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities of the parties that have accrued up 

 
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
 
    -13- 
CBRE Service Agreement 31.03.17 
to the date of termination or expiry, including the right to claim damages in respect of any 
breach of this Agreement which existed at or before the date of termination or expiry. 
6. Termination Assistance.  Upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement and/or any 
Statement of Work, Service Provider shall cooperate for a period of time following such 
expiration or termination to be determined by CBRE to assure the orderly transition of all 
Services back to CBRE or to an alternative service provider designated by CBRE and to 
ensure that the Services are maintained without interruption.  Service Provider’s 
obligations in connection with such disengagement also will include, without limitation, 
and as requested by CBRE: (i) either terminate or assign to CBRE or its designee, at 
CBRE’s option, any or all subcontracts relating to the Services then in effect; and (ii) 
returning or destroying Confidential Information, and returning to CBRE (or its designee) 
any materials or equipment of Client or CBRE in Service Provider’s possession.  Service 
Provider will waive, and will cause its subcontractors, if applicable, to waive, their rights, 
if any, under contracts with Service Provider Personnel  restricting the ability of Service 
Provider Personnel to be recruited or hired by CBRE or its designee, and CBRE or its 
designee will have reasonable access to such personnel for interviews and recruitment.  
Nothing set forth in this Section shall limit any rights or remedies of CBRE against Service 
Provider or require an election of remedies in such event. 
H. Service Provider Representations and Warranties.   
Service Provider represents, warrants and covenants that: 
 
1. it is a business entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws 
of the jurisdiction   in which it is organized; 
2. it is fully equipped and qualified to perform the Services and that it is financially solvent, 
able to pay its debts as they fall due, and possesses sufficient working capital to provide 
the Services contemplated hereunder; 
3. it is duly licensed, authorized or qualified to do business and is in good standing in every 
jurisdiction in which a license, authorization or qualification is required for the ownership 
or leasing of its assets or the transaction of business of the character transacted by it;  
4. it has all requisite corporate power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its 
obligations under this Agreement; 
5. the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement has been duly authorized by 
Service Provider; 
6. it has visited and had full opportunity to review and has carefully examined the Facilities 
and has satisfied itself as to the character, quality, and quantity of the Services to be 
performed, the conditions that may be encountered at the Facilities or that may otherwise 
affect the cost or difficulty of performing the Services, the labour, equipment, supplies, and 
materials to be furnished, supplied, or utilized in connection with performance of the 
Services, and all other requirements of this Agreement; 

 
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
 
    -14- 
CBRE Service Agreement 31.03.17 
7. there is no outstanding litigation, arbitrated matter or other dispute to which Service 
Provider is a party which, if decided unfavorably to Service Provider, would reasonably be 
expected to have a potential or actual material adverse effect on Service Provider’s ability 
to fulfill its respective obligations under the Agreement; 
8. it has not, directly or indirectly, given and will not give, or permit to be given by its 
representatives, any commissions, payments, kickbacks, lavish or extensive entertainment, 
or other inducements of more than minimal value or otherwise in violation of CBRE’s or 
Client’s policies to any third party, government official, employee, representative, advisor 
or agent of CBRE or Client in connection with this Agreement; 
9. it will comply with the Applicable Laws in its provision of the Services; 
10. Service Provider Personnel and subcontractors that it will use to provide and perform the 
Services have and will continue to have, the knowledge, skills, experience, expertise, 
language and speaking capabilities, qualifications and resources to provide and perform 
the Services in accordance with this Agreement in a diligent, workmanlike manner with 
due care and skill; 
11. none of the Services or Service Provider owned materials applicable to the Services will 
infringe upon the proprietary or intellectual property rights of any third party; 
12. it will not hold itself out as the exclusive representative of, or service provider to, CBRE 
or Client; and 
13. it shall maintain appropriate backup, contingency, and remedial plans necessary to ensure 
Service Provider's continued performance under this Agreement despite labour 
disturbances, strikes, lockouts, transportation problems, technology problems, equipment 
breakdowns, and similar events. 
I. Service Warranty. 
1. Service Warranty.  Service Provider represents, warrants, and covenants to and with CBRE 
and Client that the materials used in the provision of the Services shall be of first class 
quality, new in all respects and not used, reworked, refurbished or rebuilt, unless otherwise 
approved by CBRE, and Service Provider shall, where applicable, deliver clear title to 
equipment, materials and improvements provided to CBRE and/or Client under this 
Agreement and ensure and warrant that, with respect to all such equipment, materials and 
goods supplied they are delivered free and clear of any and all encumbrances.  Service 
Provider further warrants that all materials, equipment and labour supplied to CBRE is and 
shall be free from errors, faults and defects in workmanship, construction, structural and 
functional design, material and operations and in conformance with the requirements of 
this Agreement and the applicable Statement of Work for a period of twelve (12) months 
following the completion of the Services to CBRE’s satisfaction; provided, that if any 
longer warranty period is specified for any materials, equipment or workmanship under 
any plans or specifications, this Agreement, a Statement of Work or any manufacturer’s 
warranty, the longer warranty period shall govern.  Service Provider shall ensure that all 

 
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
 
    -15- 
CBRE Service Agreement 31.03.17 
materials and equipment that have a manufacturer’s warranty are registered with the 
manufacturer in Client’s name.   
2. Service Provider Warranty Obligations.  During the warranty period, Service Provider 
shall, at no cost to CBRE, promptly and satisfactorily replace, correct or repair (as 
applicable) any Services, material or workmanship found to be defective or otherwise not 
in conformity with the requirements of this Agreement and promptly remedy any damage 
resulting therefrom. 
3. No Liens.  Service Provider acknowledges that neither CBRE nor the Client intend for the 
Services to enable Service Provider to assert any liens.  Service Provider shall not assert 
nor permit any person or entity furnishing labour, equipment, supplies, or materials to 
Service Provider or any person or entity acting for or under Service Provider to assert any 
liens against CBRE, the buildings or the Facilities on which the Services are to be 
performed.  Service Provider shall furnish CBRE, upon request, affidavits of account status 
and lien releases as may be required by CBRE.   
4. CBRE Remedies.  If at any time or from time to time CBRE should determine that Client 
or CBRE or any of their property, respectively, might become liable for any claim or 
subject to any lien that is chargeable to or through Service Provider, CBRE may retain out 
of any payment then due Service Provider under the applicable Statement of Work, any 
other Statement of Work(s) between CBRE and Service Provider, or any such payment 
thereafter to become due an amount sufficient to indemnify CBRE and Client completely 
against such liens, judgments and/or claims including, without limitation, all of CBRE’s 
and Client’s costs associated therewith.  CBRE may retain the amount withheld until 
Service Provider delivers to CBRE a complete release of the claims and liens that is 
satisfactory to CBRE.  Further, CBRE may at any time or from time to time require that 
Service Provider post a bond, at no cost to CBRE, to remove any liens, judgments and/or 
claims.  CBRE may discharge, settle or remove any liens, judgments and/or claims by 
bonding, payment or otherwise, all of which, together with all reasonable legal fees and 
costs, are chargeable to Service Provider.  CBRE may set off any amounts so paid or 
incurred to discharge, settle or remove any such liens, judgments and/or claims against any 
payment then or thereafter due to Service Provider. 
J. Compliance with Laws.   
1. Compliance with Laws.  Service Provider represents warrants and covenants that Service 
Provider possesses and shall maintain at its own expense all permits, licenses, approvals, 
registrations, consents and certificates and pay all fees required by law with respect to any 
Services and/or performance of this Agreement.  Service Provider shall, in connection with 
the performance of the Services, comply with all Applicable Laws. 
2. Notice of Changes in Laws.  Service Provider will monitor and promptly identify and notify 
CBRE of all changes in Applicable Laws that have an impact on the Services or this 
Agreement. 

 
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
 
    -16- 
CBRE Service Agreement 31.03.17 
3. CBRE Service Provider Code of Conduct.  Service Provider shall comply with the CBRE 
Service Provider Code of Conduct at Exhibit 5 (CBRE Service Provider Code of Conduct) 
attached hereto and made a part hereof.   
4. Compliance with Client Policies.  Service Provider shall and shall ensure that its 
subcontractors, and all Service Provider Personnel, prior to performing the Service read 
and understand the most current copies of the Client Policies including those available on 
Client’s website at the expense of the Service Provider. Service Provider shall and shall 
ensure that its subcontractors and all Service Provider Personnel comply with the Client 
Policies. In the case of any difference between the requirements of the Client Policies and 
the Applicable Law, the stricter or higher standard shall apply. 
 
 

 
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
 
    -17- 
CBRE Service Agreement 31.03.17 
K. Data Protection.   
1. Definitions: In this Section K, the terms "Data Controller" and "Data Subject" have the 
meanings set out in Applicable Laws.  
2. Service Provider Data Protection Obligations.  Service Provider must at all times: 
a. comply with all applicable Data Protection Legislation;  
b. Process Personal Data only on behalf of CBRE (or, if so directed by CBRE, Clients) 
only to the extent, and in such manner, as is necessary for the purpose of lawfully 
performing its obligations under this Agreement, or as is required by Applicable Law 
and otherwise in accordance with instructions given by CBRE from time to time; 
c. save as set out in subsection (b), not modify, duplicate, replicate, amend or alter the 
contents of any Personal Data; 
d. preserve the security and confidentiality of Personal Data and protect it against 
unauthorised or unlawful Processing or access, accidental loss, destruction, damage, 
alteration or disclosure; 
e. ensure that the measures employed by or on behalf of Service Provider towards 
compliance with its obligations in this Section K are appropriate to the harm which 
might result from any unauthorised or unlawful Processing or access, accidental loss, 
destruction, damage or disclosure of Personal Data that is Personal Data and having 
regard to the nature of the Personal Data concerned; 
f. implement and comply with such other procedures and measures as CBRE may from 
time to time reasonably require in respect of Personal Data; 
g. promptly provide to CBRE on request from time to time a written description of the 
technical and organisational measures employed for holding and Processing Personal 
Data and thereafter notify CBRE in writing of material changes to such measures 
from time to time; 
h. notify CBRE immediately in writing (and by telephone and email if outside normal 
working hours) in the event of any breach by Service Provider or any subcontractor 
of this Section K or any loss of or unauthorised use or access to Personal Data (the 
foregoing each a “Security Incident”) and thereafter promptly provide all 
cooperation, information and assistance and follow such instructions reasonably 
requested by CBRE with respect to the response to the Security Incident; 
i. notify CBRE promptly in writing (and in any event within three (3) business days) of 
any data subject access request received by the Service Provider (or any of its agents 
or subcontractors) in relation to Personal Data. 
j. provide to CBRE copies of all Personal Data held by or on behalf of Service Provider 
and all other reasonable assistance in relation to a data subject who makes a subject 

 
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
 
    -18- 
CBRE Service Agreement 31.03.17 
access request satisfying the applicable legal requirements (or as otherwise directed 
by CBRE), whether the subject access request is given to Service Provider or any of 
its agents or to CBRE or a third party and CBRE gives to the Suppler details of the 
subject access request. 
k. not cause or permit any subcontractor or any Service Provider Affiliate to hold or 
Process Personal Data without CBRE’s prior written consent (to be given or withheld 
in CBRE’s sole and absolute discretion); 
l. ensure that any Service Provider Personnel, permitted sub-contractors and such sub-
contractors’ directors, officers, employees and agents act in accordance with this 
Section K as if bound by it as Service Provider is bound;   
m. take all reasonable steps to ensure the reliability of any of Service Provider Personnel 
who have access to the Personal Data; 
n. ensure that only those of Service Provider Personnel who need to have access to the 
Personal Data are granted access to such data and only for the purposes of the 
performance of this Agreement and all of Service Provider Personnel required to 
access the Personal Data are informed of the confidential nature of the Personal Data 
and comply with the obligations set out in this Section K; and 
o. not Process or otherwise transfer any Personal Data outside the European Economic 
Area unless CBRE has given express prior written consent and (where the permitted 
transfer is to a country outside the EEA and which has not been determined by the 
European Commission under article 25(6) of Directive 94/46/EC as providing 
adequate protection of personal data) the recipient of such data has entered into a 
contract in the format of the EU Model Terms in a form satisfactory to CBRE.   
3. Data Protection Indemnity.   Service Provider shall on demand, at all times during and after 
the Term of this Agreement, indemnify CBRE (and Client) and keep CBRE (and Client) 
indemnified on demand and held harmless from and against all losses, damages, claims, 
costs, or expenses and other liabilities (including fines and legal fees) incurred by, awarded 
against or agreed to be paid by CBRE (or Client) arising out of or in connection with any 
breach of Service Provider’s obligations under this Section K.  
L. Service Provider Personnel.   
1. CBRE Acceptance of Service Provider Personnel.  Service Provider shall have in its 
employ at all times and shall provide a sufficient number of capable and competent Service 
Provider Personnel having expertise suitable to their assignments and qualified to perform 
the Services safely, legally and efficiently in accordance with Service Provider’s 
obligations hereunder.  Service Provider Personnel must be acceptable to CBRE, and 
CBRE reserves the right to require Service Provider to remove immediately any of Service 
Provider Personnel from performing the Services, with or without cause, in CBRE’s sole 
discretion for reasons including, but not limited to, substance abuse at the Facilities as 
provided in subsection (K.2) below. 

 
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
 
    -19- 
CBRE Service Agreement 31.03.17 
2. Removal for Substance Abuse; Substance Abuse Policy.  To the extent permitted by 
applicable Laws, Service Provider agrees to immediately remove (or cause to be removed) 
any Service Provider Personnel who is known to be or reasonably suspected of engaging 
in substance abuse while at a Facility, in a Client or Service Provider vehicle or while 
performing Services or otherwise in violation of Service Provider’s policies regarding 
substance abuse.  In the case of reasonable suspicion, such removal shall be pending 
completion of the applicable investigation.  Substance abuse includes the sale, attempted 
sale, possession or use of illegal drugs, drug paraphernalia, or, to the extent not permitted 
on Facilities, alcohol, or the misuse of prescription or non-prescription drugs.  Service 
Provider represents and warrants that it has and will maintain a substance abuse policy and 
that such policy will be applicable to all Service Provider Personnel performing Services 
under this Agreement.  Service Provider represents and warrants that it shall require its 
subcontractors providing Services to have and maintain such policy and practices and to 
adhere to this provision. 
3. Background Checks.  To the extent applicable to the Services and allowed by law, Service 
Provider acknowledges, warrants and represents that it will comply with the Drug Testing 
and Background Investigation Requirements for Service Provider Personnel set forth in 
Exhibit 6 (Drug Testing and Background Investigation) to this Agreement. 
4. Service Provider Personnel Not Employees of CBRE.  All Service Provider Personnel, as 
applicable, will be and remain employees of Service Provider or its subcontractors and not 
of CBRE when performing Services.  Service Provider and its subcontractors, as 
applicable, will be solely responsible for: (a) all salaries, benefits and other compensation 
of the Service Provider Personnel, (b) making all deductions and withholdings from its 
employees’ salaries and other compensation; (c) the supervision and direction of the 
activities of Service Provider Personnel; and (d) the payment of all contributions, taxes and 
assessments.  CBRE and Client shall not be deemed to be an employer or joint or co-
employer with respect to any Service Provider Personnel, including employees of Service 
Provider or subcontractors. 
5. Employee Indemnity.  Service Provider shall be liable for and shall indemnify and keep 
fully and effectively indemnified on demand the CBRE Indemnified Parties and/or any 
Replacement Service Provider without any set-off counterclaim or other deductions against 
any claims, demands, actions, proceedings, settlement and all losses, costs, charges, 
penalties, awards, expenses and liabilities which it or they incur or may incur (whether on, 
before or after the expiry or termination of this Agreement and/or the applicable Statement 
of Work, whether in whole or in part and/or the termination or expiry of all or part of the 
Services) arising out of or in connection with the employment and/or termination of 
employment of any person whose employment or claims or liabilities arising out of their 
employment or its termination transfers to the CBRE Indemnified Parties and/or any 
Replacement Service Provider. 
6. Conduct of Service Provider Personnel.  Service Provider will ensure that the Service 
Provider Personnel, while at any Facilities, (a) comply with all applicable safety, health 
and security rules and regulations and other instructions of CBRE and Client, when 
performing Services at a Facility, and shall conduct their work at Facilities in such a manner 

 
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
 
    -20- 
CBRE Service Agreement 31.03.17 
as to avoid endangering the safety, or interfering with the convenience of CBRE or Client 
or its customers, (b) comply with reasonable requests of CBRE or Client pertaining to 
personal and professional conduct, and (c) otherwise conduct themselves in a professional 
and businesslike manner.  In addition, Service Provider shall maintain records of all 
recordable injuries or illnesses (as defined by any government entity) occurring to Service 
Provider Personnel while performing Services.  Subject to Applicable Laws, Service 
Provider shall provide copies of such records to CBRE or Client upon request. 
7. Service Provider Personnel Safety.  Service Provider shall use appropriate precautions to 
prevent injury to its employees and others on or about the Facilities and shall comply with 
all safety regulations required by the applicable health and safety rules, regulations and 
laws or by any other governmental authority, local law or safety regulation having 
jurisdiction over CBRE, Service Provider, the Services or the Facilities.  Service Provider 
agrees to abide by and ensure that its employees abide by the CBRE Safety Policy attached 
hereto as Exhibit 9 (CBRE Policy and Standards), and any similar policy issued by the 
Client, each of which have been reviewed and understood by Service Provider.  In addition, 
Service Provider agrees to adhere to and perform the Services in accordance with the 
Client’s applicable health and safety policies and procedures which will be provided to 
Service Provider as applicable.  The applicability of said policies and procedures shall be 
determined solely by CBRE.  Any conflict, dispute or inconsistency between any of the 
aforementioned programs, policies and procedures, shall be resolved in favor of the most 
stringent program, policy or procedure which affords the Client the greatest amount of 
protection.  Service Provider is solely responsible for taking reasonable precautions for the 
safety of Service Provider's employees, and Service Provider may not rely upon CBRE’s 
implied or stated control of the workplace to reduce this responsibility nor assume that 
CBRE controls or has the ability to control the presence or absence of hazardous conditions 
in the workplace to which Service Provider’s employees may be exposed.  
M. Independent Contractor.  Nothing contained in this Agreement or in the relationship of 
Service Provider and CBRE shall be deemed to constitute a partnership, joint venture, or any 
other relationship between Service Provider and CBRE except for the independent contractor 
relationship described in this Agreement.  Service Provider’s authority is limited solely to 
performing the Services set forth herein in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the 
corresponding exhibits and Statement of Works. Nothing in this Agreement, in any Statement 
of Work or any Service Provider subcontract shall create any contractual relationship or 
liabilities between any employee, agent or subcontractor (or any employee or agent of 
subcontractor) of Service Provider and CBRE or Client.  Further, Service Provider does not 
have any authority to execute any contracts or agreements for or on behalf of CBRE or Client 
and is not granted any right or authority to assume or create any obligation or liability or to 
make any representation, covenant, agreement or warranty, express or implied, on CBRE’s or 
Client’s behalf or to bind CBRE or Client in any manner. 
 
N. Taxes.  Service Provider shall pay any and all Taxes upon receipt of payment for same from 
CBRE.  CBRE and Client shall be allowed to withhold from amounts payable to Service 
Provider hereunder all Taxes and other charges required to be withheld by law.  Service 
Provider shall take such actions and cooperate with CBRE and Client to the extent necessary 

 
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
 
    -21- 
CBRE Service Agreement 31.03.17 
to ensure that CBRE will be treated as a purchasing agent for Client and that the purchase 
and/or provision of materials, equipment and Services under this Agreement qualify for any 
applicable manufacturing, resale, or other tax exemption, and where an exemption is not 
available, the Taxes thereon are minimized.  Service Provider shall prepare, execute, file as 
necessary and retain resale, exemption and similar certificates, and reflect dealer, vendor, 
CBRE and Client exemption or similar numbers on its invoices or billings as necessary to 
exempt or minimize Taxes on goods and Services provided under this Agreement. Service 
Provider shall be solely responsible for any penalties or interest resulting from Service 
Provider’s failure to file proper tax returns or promptly to remit to the appropriate taxing 
authorities Taxes or other payments made to Service Provider by Client under this Agreement 
and Service Provider agrees to indemnify on demand, defend (promptly and diligently, at 
Service Provider’s sole expense with attorneys satisfactory to CBRE and Client) and hold 
harmless CBRE and Client against any Claims (as hereinafter defined) that any Indemnified 
Party (as hereinafter defined) may suffer, sustain or incur as a result of Service Provider failing 
to do so.  This Section shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 
O. Assignment and Subcontracting.   
1. Assignment.  Neither Service Provider’s interest in this Agreement nor in any Statement 
of Work, including without limitation any monies due or to become due to it hereunder, or 
any portion thereof may be assigned or encumbered, nor may its duties, obligations and 
responsibilities hereunder or under any Statement of Work be delegated or subcontracted 
further to any third party, without the prior express written consent of CBRE in each 
instance.  Any such assignment, encumbrance, delegation or subcontract made without the 
express written consent of CBRE shall be null and void ab initio.  Service Provider for 
good and valuable consideration hereby consents to such assignment and novation of this 
Agreement and/or any Statement of Work by CBRE, at CBRE’s sole discretion.  
2. Subcontracting.  Service Provider shall require all permitted vendors and subcontractors 
employed to perform Services under this Agreement to have the appropriate types and 
amounts of insurance coverage commensurate with the nature of the Services performed 
and the risk exposures created by performing those Services and Service Provider further 
agrees and acknowledges that it shall defend, indemnify on demand and hold harmless the 
CBRE Indemnified Parties for any claims, losses or liabilities in any way arising from or 
attributable to the Services performed by any vendor or subcontractor employed by Service 
Provider that performs Services under this Agreement. 
P. Non-Solicitation.  During the Term of this Agreement, and for a period of six (6) months after 
the expiration or early termination hereof, Service Provider shall not directly or indirectly hire, 
permit the employment of, or solicit to hire any of CBRE’s or Client’s personnel unless 
expressly agreed otherwise by CBRE or Client, as the case may be, in writing. 
Q. Insurance Requirements.  During the Term and as otherwise required under this Agreement, 
Service Provider shall maintain at all times the minimum amounts and scope of insurance 
coverage set forth in Exhibit 7 (Insurance Requirement) to this Agreement with such Exhibit 
hereby being incorporated by reference as a material requirement of this Agreement which 
shall not be construed in any way as a limitation of Service Provider’s liability under this 

 
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
 
    -22- 
CBRE Service Agreement 31.03.17 
Agreement, including, without limitation, liability for claims denied or rejected by Service 
Provider’s insurance company or the insurance companies of its agents or subcontractors.  
Service Provider shall not commence any Services until Service Provider has procured all of 
the required in insurance policies with minimum amounts of coverage as set forth in Exhibit 7 
(Insurance Requirement) which must comply with the policy requirements set forth below: 
(a) License/Rating.  All insurance policies shall be in customary forms and shall be 
issued by companies authorized to do business in the jurisdictions where the 
Services are performed. 
(b) Vendor Screening/Certificate of Insurance. Service Provider acknowledges and 
agrees that it will enroll, at Service Provider’s sole expense, in the CBRE vendor 
screening and certificate of insurance management program.  Registration in the 
CBRE vendor screening can be completed on the internet at www.avetta.com or as 
otherwise may be directed by CBRE.  Service Provider shall deliver certificates of 
insurance evidencing the required insurance coverage to Client and CBRE upon 
request and when registering in the CBRE vendor screening program which must 
occur prior to the commencement of performance under any Statement of Work 
issued under this Agreement or upon any renewal of such insurance during the Term 
of this Agreement not less than thirty (30) days prior to the expiration dates of any 
policy shown on the certificates then in effect, and otherwise from time to time upon 
request by CBRE or Client. 
(c) Notice of Cancellation.  CBRE shall, be given not less than thirty (30) days' notice prior 
to the cancellation of any insurance required by this Agreement for other than non-
payment of premiums.  CBRE shall be given at least ten (10) days’ notice prior to 
cancellation of any required insurance for non-payment of premium. 
(d) Additional Insured Endorsements.  All certificates of insurance provided under this 
Agreement shall include copies of endorsements to Service Provider’s commercial 
general liability policy that includes Client and CBRE (including all participating 
Affiliates) as additional insured(s) on appropriate forms or equivalent form of Blanket 
Additional Insured Endorsement, covering the additional insureds for liability arising 
from all operations and completed operations of Service Provider. 
(e) No Waiver/Deductible.  The failure of CBRE to demand such certificate of insurance 
or failure of CBRE to identify a deficiency will not be construed as a waiver of Service 
Provider’s obligation to maintain the insurance required under this Agreement.  Service 
Provider shall be responsible for the amount of any deductible contained in any of the 
above-described insurance policies and certificates of insurance. 
(f)  Service Provider Insurance Primary.  Service Provider’s insurance shall be deemed 
primary with respect to coverage extended to the additional insureds, whose insurance 
shall be excess and non-contributory with that required of Service Provider hereunder.   
(g) Waiver of Subrogation.  To the fullest extent permitted by law, the commercial general 
liability insurance policy of Service Provider shall contain provisions that the insurance 

 
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
 
    -23- 
CBRE Service Agreement 31.03.17 
companies waive the rights of recovery or subrogation against Client, CBRE, their 
respective Affiliates, and each of their and their Affiliates’ respective agents, officers, 
directors, shareholders, employees, insurers, successors and assigns.   
(h) Additional CBRE Rights.  The failure to secure and maintain or add by endorsement 
the CBRE Indemnified Parties shall not act as a defense to the enforcement of the terms 
of this Agreement.  Any failure to provide the agreed endorsements shall entitle CBRE 
to terminate this agreement or to acquire coverage necessary to protect Client and 
CBRE from the failure and charge the cost thereof to the Service Provider.  Service 
Provider shall require or provide the same minimum insurance requirements as listed 
above from all of its permitted subcontractors unless otherwise agreed by CBRE in 
writing. 
R. Indemnification and Settlement.  To the fullest extent permitted by law, Service Provider 
shall defend (with counsel approved by Client and/or CBRE), indemnify on demand, pay, save 
and hold harmless the CBRE Indemnified Parties from and against any liabilities, damages 
(including, without limitation, direct, special and consequential damages), costs, expenses, 
suits, losses, claims, actions, fines and penalties (including, without limitation, court costs, 
reasonable legal  fees and any other reasonable costs of litigation) (hereinafter collectively, the 
“Claims”) that any of the CBRE Indemnified Parties may suffer, sustain or incur arising out of 
or in connection with: 
1. Indemnification. 
(a) Service Provider’s work or presence on the Facilities or other work site, including but 
not limited to any negligent acts, errors or omissions, intentional misconduct or fraud 
of Service Provider or Service Provider Personnel, whether active or passive, actual or 
alleged, whether in the provision of the Services, failure to provide any or all of the 
Services or otherwise;  
(b) any actual or alleged breach of this Agreement, including but not limited to 
Confidentiality and Service Provider’s representations and warranties by Service 
Provider or Service Provider Personnel; 
(c) any claims by Service Provider employees or employees of Service Provider 
subcontractors, including but not limited to: (i) allegations of wrongful discharge, 
discharge in violation of public policy, harassment or discrimination on the basis of 
race, color, sex, religion, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, 
retaliation, unfair dismissal or other unlawful conduct; (ii) those made under 
workers’ compensation or similar employee benefit acts; or (iii) claims alleging that 
Service Provider has failed to pay any employment benefits and any taxes required 
of it of any nature whatsoever; 
(d) failure to comply with any Applicable Laws by Service Provider or Service Provider 
Personnel; or 

 
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
 
    -24- 
CBRE Service Agreement 31.03.17 
(e) any infringement or alleged infringement of any patent, copyright, trade secret of 
other proprietary right of any third party relating to the Services performed under 
this Agreement.   
The foregoing indemnification shall apply irrespective of whether Claims are asserted by a 
Party, by its employees, agents or subcontractors, or by unrelated third parties.  Nothing 
contained herein shall relieve Service Provider of any responsibility for Claims regardless of 
whether Service Provider is required to provide insurance covering such Claims or whether the 
matter giving rise to the Claims is the responsibility of Service Provider’s agents, employees 
or subcontractors. The provisions of this Section shall survive the expiration of the Term or 
the termination of this Agreement.   
2. Settlement.  With respect to Service Provider’s duties of indemnity under this Agreement, 
Service Provider shall have the right to control the defense of any litigation, and to settle 
or compromise all claims and lawsuits subject to its indemnity.  However, Service Provider 
may not settle or compromise such claim or lawsuit without the written consent of CBRE 
if any settlement or compromise (a) requires CBRE or its Client to part with any property 
right or interest, assume any obligation, or make any payment not indemnified, or 
(b) subjects CBRE to any injunction.  Subject to the foregoing, CBRE shall have the right, 
at its option and expense, but not the obligation, to retain advisory counsel to represent its 
interests in defending any such claim or lawsuit. 
S. Confidentiality Obligations 
1. Service Provider Confidentiality Obligations.  All Confidential Information owned by 
CBRE or Client is and shall remain the property of such party at all times. By disclosing 
Confidential Information to Service Provider, CBRE or Client, as applicable, does not grant 
any express or implied licenses to Service Provider in any proprietary rights, including 
without limitation, patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secret or trade secret information, 
of CBRE or Client.  As of the Effective Date, the Confidentiality terms of this Agreement 
shall supersede and replace the terms of any confidentiality or non-disclosure agreement 
previously executed by the Parties with respect to subject matter that is covered by this 
Agreement.  Service Provider agrees to utilize the Confidential Information received by it 
only for the purpose of providing the Services and for no other purpose whatsoever 
including without limitation, diverting, inducing or attempting to divert or induce Client to 
discontinue or modify the present or future relationship between CBRE and Client or 
otherwise injuring or interfering in the business relationship between CBRE and Client.  
Service Provider shall use the same care and discretion to avoid disclosure, publication or 
dissemination of any Confidential Information received from CBRE or Client as Service 
Provider uses with its own confidential information that it does not wish to disclose, publish 
or disseminate, but in no event less than a reasonable degree of care.  Service Provider shall 
not disclose to any person (other than as necessary to Service Provider Personnel directly 
involved in Service Provider’s provision of the Services) Confidential Information at any 
time, either during the Term or at any time thereafter, without the express written 
agreement of CBRE.  Service Provider shall execute any supplemental agreement required 
by CBRE with respect to Confidential Information.  Service Provider shall advise all 
recipients of Confidential Information as to the provisions of this Section and obtain their 

 
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
 
    -25- 
CBRE Service Agreement 31.03.17 
written agreement to be bound by its conditions.  Upon the termination of this Agreement, 
a Service Provider shall immediately deliver to CBRE upon request (i) any and all materials 
provided to Service Provider, relating in any way to and/or created in connection with the 
performance of the Services under the terms of this Agreement; and (ii) any and all 
originals, copies, reproductions and summaries (including without limitation, any written 
or electronic form of any such information) of any Confidential Information, or at CBRE's 
option, certify destruction of the same.  Service Provider shall incorporate the requirements 
of this Section in all subcontracts, requiring each approved subcontractor to comply with 
the provisions hereof in the same manner as is required of Service Provider.  Service 
Provider shall immediately report to CBRE any unauthorized disclosure of Confidential 
Information. 
2. Confidential Information Exclusions.  Service Provider shall not be liable for disclosure or 
use of any Confidential Information if:  (i) it was in the public domain at the time it was 
disclosed or used through no fault of Service Provider; (ii) it becomes known to the Service 
Provider from a source other than CBRE or Client without a breach of this Agreement by 
Service Provider; (iii) it was independently developed by Service Provider without the 
benefit of the information received from CBRE or Client; or (iv) it was disclosed under 
legal process or other legal requirement provided Service Provider agrees to cooperate in 
seeking reasonable protective arrangements requested by CBRE or Client, and to promptly 
notify CBRE and Client if Service Provider receives any subpoena or other legal process 
seeking disclosure of Confidential Information. 
3. Restrictions on Use of Name and Marks.  Service Provider shall not use or display CBRE’s 
or Client’s name or logo, and shall not utilize other trademarks or service marks of CBRE 
or Client, without such party’s prior written consent.  Neither Service Provider nor its 
agents or subcontractors may issue any press, media or publicity releases or give statements 
to the media identifying CBRE or Client or relating to this Agreement or any Facility 
without the prior written consent of CBRE. 
4. Remedies.  Service Provider hereby irrevocably agrees that irreparable damage to CBRE 
would occur in the event that it breaches any of the provisions of this Section S.  Service 
Provider acknowledges and agrees that CBRE shall be entitled to an injunction or 
injunctions to prevent breaches of this Section S and to specifically enforce the terms and 
provisions of this Section S in addition to any other remedy to which CBRE is entitled at 
law or in equity. In the event that any action shall be brought in equity to enforce the 
provisions of this Section S, Service Provider shall not allege, and hereby waives the 
defense, that there is an adequate remedy at law. 
5. Survival. Service Provider’s confidentiality obligations under this Agreement shall survive 
the termination or expiration of the Agreement. 
T. Ownership of Materials.   
1. "Deliverables" means any materials (including software), or any modifications, 
enhancements or derivative works thereof (including modifications and enhancements to 
Service Provider owned materials and, to the extent agreed by third parties and 

 
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
 
    -26- 
CBRE Service Agreement 31.03.17 
subcontractors, third party owned materials), developed pursuant to this Agreement by or 
on behalf of (a) Service Provider, (b) subcontractors or (c) any combination of Service 
Provider and subcontractors, to the extent developed originally and specifically for CBRE 
or Client, as part of the Services.  All right, title and interest in or to Deliverables will be 
owned by CBRE and Client, as applicable. Service Provider hereby irrevocably assigns, 
and will assign, to CBRE and Client without further consideration, all of Service Provider’s 
right, title and interest in and to such Deliverables. Service Provider acknowledges that 
CBRE and Client and their successors and assigns of CBRE and Client will have the right 
to obtain and hold in their own name any intellectual property rights in and to such 
Deliverables. Service Provider shall obtain waivers of any moral rights in the products of 
the Services (including the Deliverables) to which any individual is now or may be at any 
future time entitled under the law in any jurisdiction where the services are provided. 
Service Provider agrees to execute any documents and take any other actions reasonably 
requested by CBRE or Client to effectuate the purposes of this Section. CBRE and Client 
grant to Service Provider a non-exclusive, non-transferable, worldwide, limited right and 
license to use, execute, reproduce, display, perform, modify and distribute the Deliverables 
for the sole purpose of providing the Services during the Term.  CBRE and Client may, in 
their sole discretion and upon such terms and at such prices as CBRE, Client and Service 
Provider may agree, grant Service Provider a license to use the Deliverables for other 
purposes and to sublicense such Deliverables.  
2.  Service Provider Pre-existing Intellectual Property.  To the extent that the Deliverables 
and the Services and consist of or include items previously developed, patented or 
copyrighted by Service Provider or a third party (“Service Provider Pre-Existing 
Intellectual Property”), Service Provider hereby grants to CBRE and Client an unrestricted, 
perpetual, royalty-free, fully paid-up, non-exclusive, world-wide, irrevocable license to use 
such Service Provider Pre-existing Intellectual Property so that CBRE and Client may 
receive the benefit of the Deliverables or Services provided by Service 
Provider.  Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, upon the 
expiration or termination of this Agreement, if the use of the Deliverables or Services is 
impaired or they cannot be fully utilized, serviced or repaired by CBRE or Client without 
the use of the Service Provider Pre-existing Intellectual Property,  Service Provider will 
grant to CBRE and Client an unrestricted, perpetual, royalty-free, fully paid-up, non-
exclusive, world-wide, irrevocable license to use such Service Provider Pre-existing 
Intellectual Property so that CBRE and Client may continue to receive the benefit of the 
Deliverables and Services. Service Provider Pre-existing Intellectual Property includes, 
without limitation, any equipment, materials, components, software, programmable 
devices or any other tangible item, in any form or medium, identifiable to the Deliverables 
or Services included in the applicable Statement of Work. 
U. Force Majeure Events and Suspension of Work.  Neither party hereto shall be liable to the 
other party for any loss or damage arising out of a failure to perform their respective obligations 
under this Agreement if said failure to perform is caused by an event beyond the reasonable 
control of the party, including, but not limited to, acts of God, acts of governmental agencies, 
strikes, labor disputes, fire, explosions or other casualties, theft, vandalism, riots, war, or 
material 
unavailability 
of 
equipment, 
supplies, 
or 
materials 
(each 
a 
“Force 
Majeure  Event”).  A party seeking relief under this Section U shall immediately notify the 

 
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
 
    -27- 
CBRE Service Agreement 31.03.17 
other party in writing of the occurrence of the Force Majeure Event, the anticipated impact on 
the affected party’s ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement, and the steps such 
party intends to take to remedy the Force Majeure Event.   Each party shall use commercially 
reasonable efforts to minimize the impact, losses, damages, and delay associated with a Force 
Majeure Event CBRE  may direct in writing that Service Provider suspend, delay, or interrupt 
performance of all or any part of the Services and the associated payments for such period of 
time that  CBRE determines to be appropriate or necessary.  To the extent  CBRE’s  contract 
with the Client is suspended, delayed, interrupted, scope reduced or terminated due to a Force 
Majeure Event,  CBRE may so suspend, delay, interrupt, reduce scope or terminate this 
Agreement.  
V. Mediation, Governing Law and Jurisdiction. 
1. Mediation.   Each Party commits that in the event a dispute should arise under this 
Agreement or relating in any manner hereto, the Parties agree to make a good faith attempt 
to settle their dispute prior to the commencement of formal litigation (i.e., the filing of a 
lawsuit or other legal proceeding) by using a third party mediator. Any mediation shall take 
place in jurisdiction where the services are provided, unless otherwise agreed to (under a 
Statement of Work or otherwise) in writing by the Parties.  The costs of such mediation 
shall be equally divided between the Parties. Each Party shall be represented at such 
mediation by a senior executive of such Party, with authority to bind the Party. The Parties 
agree to exchange informally such information as is reasonably necessary and relevant to 
the issues being mediated. If such mediation is unsuccessful, then either Party shall have 
the right to initiate litigation in compliance with the terms set forth in Section V.4 below. 
All mediation proceedings shall be confidential, and no information exchanged in such 
mediation relating to settlement negotiations or offers shall be discoverable or admissible 
in any litigation involving the Parties.  In the event a Party seeks equitable relief (such as 
injunctive relief or specific performance), or in the event of an approaching deadline 
prescribed by an applicable statute of limitation, then there shall be no requirement that 
such Party utilize the mediation process referred to herein. 
2. Continued Performance.   Each Party agrees that it will, unless otherwise directed by the 
other Party, continue performing its obligations under the Agreement while any dispute is 
being resolved; provided that this provision will not operate or be construed as extending 
the Term or prohibiting or delaying a Party’s exercise of any right it may have to terminate 
the Term as to all or any part of the Services. 
3. Governing Law.  The Agreement and all disputes arising out of or in connection with it or 
its subject matter, whether of a contractual or non-contractual nature, shall be governed by 
and construed in accordance with the laws of where the Services are rendered.  
4. Jurisdiction.   Subject to Section V.1, each of the Parties agrees to submit to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of courts where the Services are rendered. 
 
 

 
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
 
    -28- 
CBRE Service Agreement 31.03.17 
W. Notices.  Any and all notices, consents, demands, approvals, directives or other 
communications required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and be 
delivered personally, properly mailed via first class recorded or registered mail, or sent by, 
private courier service or pre-paid airmail, to the addresses of the Parties set forth below.  Any 
notice shall be deemed to be properly given: (a) when delivered personally; (b) five (5) 
business days after having been sent by recorded or registered mail, return receipt requested, 
postage prepaid; or (c) two (2) business days after deposit with a private courier specifying 
next day delivery, with written confirmation of receipt; or (d) five (5) business days after 
posting or at the time recorded by the delivery service if sent by pre-paid airmail.   
If to CBRE:   
 
(refer to no. 6 of the Schedule table) 
  
 
with a copy to:  
Attn: APAC.Contracts.Management@cbre.com 
 
 
If to Service Provider:  
(refer to no. 7 of the Schedule table) 
 
 
 
 
  
 
Either Party hereto may change its address set forth above for the receipt of notice by giving 
written notice to the other Party in the manner set forth herein. 
X. Limitation of Liability.   
1. In no event shall a CBRE Indemnified Party be liable to Service Provider for any: (a) loss 
of profits or anticipated profits; (b) any consequential, indirect or special loss or damage; 
or (c) any punitive or incidental loss or damage, whether based in contract, strict liability, 
negligence, tort or otherwise, with respect to this Agreement or any Statement of Work 
regardless of the foreseeability or the cause thereof.  
2. Nothing in this Agreement shall limit or exclude the liability of the Service Provider, CBRE 
or any CBRE Indemnified Party for: (a) death or personal injury caused by its negligence, 
or the negligence of its personnel, agents or subcontractors; (b) fraud or fraudulent 
misrepresentation; or (c) any other liability which cannot be limited or excluded by 
applicable law. 
Y. Third Party Beneficiaries.   
1. Client is Third Party Beneficiary.  Client and each of Client’s Affiliates that owns, leases 
or occupies a Facility from time to time or otherwise derives Services under this Agreement 
shall be deemed to be a third party beneficiary entitled to the benefits and protections 
afforded to CBRE under this Agreement with rights of direct enforcement against Service 
Provider.   
2. Replacement Service Provider. Replacement Service Provider shall be deemed a third party 
beneficiary solely with respect to Section L.5 of this Agreement with rights of direct 
enforcement against Service Provider with respect to Section L.5 of this Agreement.  

 
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
 
    -29- 
CBRE Service Agreement 31.03.17 
3. No Third Party Beneficiaries.  Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, no party 
other than the Parties to this Agreement,the Client, and any CBRE Affiliate under Section 
D.2, shall have any rights in this Agreement.  The rights under this Agreement are 
exclusively those of the Parties to this Agreement, the   Client, any CBRE Affiliate with 
respect to Section D.2, and Client’s Affiliates and Replacement Service Provider with 
respect to Section L.5.  There shall be no third party beneficiaries of this Agreement except 
as set forth in the immediately preceding sentence.  Service Provider represents that it is 
not aware of any party claiming such rights and in the event it becomes aware of any such 
party claiming such rights, the Service Provider agrees to immediately notify CBRE and 
to indemnify on demand CBRE, and any other CBRE Indemnified Parties, as applicable. 
Z. Audit.  Service Provider shall maintain accurate and complete records in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles that enable Service Provider to demonstrate full 
compliance with this Agreement.  Upon prior written notice to Service Provider, CBRE and/or 
Client may audit and verify Service Provider’s operating environment, business records, 
compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and any applicable terms and 
conditions of the agreement between CBRE and Client (which shall be set out in Exhibit 9), 
and service capabilities (but only to the extent that they relate to the provision of Services 
delivered under this Agreement) during Service Provider’s normal business hours to ensure 
that Service Provider is maintaining adequate controls and security measures, that Service 
Provider’s billings to CBRE are correct, and that any reports required under this Agreement 
are accurate.  Service Provider will provide CBRE and the Client with non-confidential 
information and access to facilities and personnel relating to the Services.  If the audit discloses 
that CBRE has paid Service Provider for any charges not properly incurred, Service Provider 
shall promptly refund to CBRE, the amount of overpayment, interest at the prime rate from the 
date of payment, and CBRE’s cost of audit. 
AA. 
Miscellaneous.   
1. Headings.  The section headings appearing in this Agreement have been inserted for the 
purpose of convenience and ready reference.  They do not purport, and shall not be deemed, 
to define, limit or extend the scope or intent of the respective Sections.   
2. Entire Agreement/Modification.  This Agreement, when fully executed, together with each 
Statement of Work issued by CBRE, shall supersede any and all prior and existing 
agreements between the Parties, either oral or in writing, and contains all the covenants 
and agreements between the Parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement.  
Any amendment or modification to this Agreement must be made in writing and signed by 
the Parties hereto through a Variation Agreement, a sample of which is attached as Exhibit 
12 and is hereby incorporated by reference as a part of this Agreement.   
3. Waiver.  No term or provision of this Agreement shall be deemed waived and no breach 
excused unless such waiver or consent shall be in writing and signed by the Party claimed 
to have waived or consented.  No single or partial exercise of any right or remedy under 
this Agreement shall prevent or restrict the further exercise of that or any other right or 
remedy.  Any consent by any Party to, or waiver of, a breach by the other, whether express 
or implied, shall not constitute a consent to, or waiver of, or excuse for any other different 

 
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
 
    -30- 
CBRE Service Agreement 31.03.17 
or subsequent breach.  No failure to exercise or delay in exercising any right or remedy 
provided under this Agreement or by law constitutes a waiver of such right or remedy, nor 
shall it prevent or restrict any future exercise or enforcement of such right or remedy. 
4. Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in any number of separate counterparts, 
each of which, when so executed and delivered, shall be deemed an original, but all of 
which, collectively and separately, shall constitute one and the same instrument.  All 
signatures need not be on the same counterpart.  Furthermore, this Agreement and all 
documents relating hereto, whether previously or hereafter furnished, may be reproduced 
by any photographic, photostatic, microfilm, miniature photographic, digital storage or 
other similar process.  The Parties agree that any such reproduction shall be admissible in 
evidence as the original itself in any judicial or administrative proceeding, whether or not 
the original is in existence and whether or not such reproduction was made by a Party in 
the regular course of business, and that any enlargement, facsimile or further reproduction 
of such reproduction likewise shall be admissible in evidence.  
5. Survival.  All obligations and duties under any provisions, which by their nature extend 
beyond the expiration or termination of this Agreement, including but not limited to 
warranties, indemnifications, intellectual property (including protection of proprietary 
information) shall survive the expiration or other termination of this Agreement of which 
these provisions are made a part. 
6. Authority.  Service Provider warrants and represents that it is authorized to enter into this 
Agreement, and that the person signing on its behalf is duly authorized to execute this 
Agreement, and that no other signatures are necessary. 
7. Legal Fees.  The Parties agree that the prevailing Party shall be entitled to all costs and 
expenses including, without limitation, court costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees, in any 
action commenced relating to a dispute arising under this Agreement.   
8. Severability.  If any part, term, or provision of this Agreement or any Statement of Work 
is held by any court or administrative body of a competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid 
or unenforceable, the validity of the remaining portions or provisions shall not be impaired 
or affected, and the rights and obligations of the Parties shall be construed and enforced as 
if this Agreement or such Statement of Work did not contain the particular part, term or 
provision held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable.  If any invalid, unenforceable or 
illegal provision would be valid, enforceable or legal if some part of it were deleted, the 
provision shall apply with the minimum modification necessary to make it legal, valid and 
enforceable. 
9. Interpretation. This Agreement and any Statement of Work issued hereunder shall be 
construed as if drafted jointly by the Parties and no provision in this Agreement shall be 
interpreted for or against any Party because that Party or that Party’s legal 
representative drafted the provision. In case of conflict between the English version and a 
locally translated version of this Agreement, the English version shall prevail 

 
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
 
    -31- 
CBRE Service Agreement 31.03.17 
10. Currency.  Unless otherwise specified all monetary amounts stated in this Agreement are 
in (refer to no. 8 of the Schedule table) and all payments hereunder shall be made in such 
currency unless otherwise included in a Statement of Work.  
BB. 
Order of Precedence.  This Agreement, all documents listed therein and subsequently 
issued amendments are essential parts of this Agreement and all conflicts arising therefrom 
shall be subject to the following order of precedence: 
1.  Client Required Contract Flow-Down Provisions as included in the Statement of Work; 
2. This Service Agreement, Amendments to the Terms and Conditions as listed under Exhibit 
1 attached herein, and any amendments to the Service Agreement in a Variation Agreement; 
3. Exhibits, Addenda or Schedules incorporated as part of the Service Agreement; and 
4. Statement of Works as defined in this Agreement.   
This Agreement and any Statement of Work issued hereunder shall be subject to these terms 
and conditions to the exclusion of all other express terms and conditions (including without 
limitation any terms or conditions which the Service Provider purports to apply in any 
document whatsoever and whenever).   
 
CC. Client’s Consent; Effectiveness.  In the event that any agreement between CBRE and Client 
shall require Client’s approval of this Agreement, then the effectiveness of this Agreement 
shall be expressly subject to such approval.  CBRE shall endeavor to obtain such approval 
within thirty (30) days after the execution of this Agreement by both CBRE and Service 
Provider.  In the event Client does not provide such approval within such time, this Agreement 
shall be null and void and of no force or effect. 

 
Page 1 of 7 
 
Amendment Agreement 
 
This Amendment Agreement (hereinafter referred to as the “Amendment 
Agreement”) is entered into at _______________ on this _____ day of June, 2017; 
 
By And Between; 
 
CBRE South Asia Private Limited a company incorporated under the 
provisions of the Indian Companies Act, 1956 and having its registered office 
at PTI Building ,4, Ground Floor , Parliament Street, Delhi- 110001 
hereinafter referred to as (“First Party”) which expression shall, unless 
repugnant to or inconsistent with the context or meaning thereof, shall 
include its successors, affiliates, group companies and assigns, of the ONE 
PART; 
 
And; 
 
 
_______________________________________________________________,  a company 
incorporated under the provisions of the Indian Companies Act 1956 acting 
through its Director / authorized official / partner / sole proprietor, Mr. / Ms. 
_________________________ 
and 
having 
its 
registered 
office 
at 
___________________________________________________________________________
______________________ (hereinafter referred to as “Second Party", which 
expression shall, unless repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, mean 
and include its successors and permitted assigns etc.) of the OTHER PART. 
 
First Party and the Second Party shall be individually referred to as the “Party” 
and collectively as the “Parties”. 
 
WHEREAS 
 
1. First 
Party 
and 
the 
Second 
Party 
entered 
into 
______________________________ Agreement dated ____________________ 
(“Agreement”) for the purposes of supply of goods / equipment / 
provisioning of Services in accordance with the terms thereof; 
 
2. Parties hereto acknowledge that pursuant to the GST Act coming into 
effect, terms and conditions relating to the taxes in the Agreement is 
required to be amended and accordingly are entering into this Amendment 
Agreement capturing the applicable terms relating to GST Act; 
 
3. The Parties have mutually agreed to amend the terms of the Agreement 
and have agreed to reduce their intentions into writing and accordingly are 
entering into this Amendment Agreement. 
 
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and 
promises contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
 
1. 
Rules of Interpretation 

 
Page 2 of 7 
 
 
(a) 
The Schedule(s) of the Agreement shall form an integral part of 
this Amendment Agreement. 
 
(b) 
The headings and sub-headings are inserted for convenience only 
and shall not affect the interpretation of this Amendment 
Agreement. 
 
(c) 
Capitalized words and expressions used herein but not defined 
herein shall have the same meaning as ascribed to them in the 
Agreement. 
 
(d) 
All other terms and conditions of the Agreement, unless modified 
or amended by this Amendment Agreement, shall be applicable 
mutatis mutandis in so far as they are applicable to this 
Amendment Agreement. 
 
2. 
This Amendment Agreement shall be effective from the date of execution 
of this Amendment Agreement and the provisions relating to GST shall 
be effective from the later date of the following, (i) 1st July, 2017; or (ii) 
such date as may be notified by the Central Government bringing the 
GST Act into effect. This Amendment Agreement shall remain valid, 
effective and co-existent during the effective term of the Agreement. 
 
3. 
Parties hereby agree that from the Effective Date of this Amendment 
Agreement, the terms relating to GST mentioned in Annexure 1 to this 
Amendment Agreement shall be read and applicable in precedence over 
the terms relating to taxes mentioned in the Agreement. Accordingly, 
taxes wherever appearing in the Agreement shall be construed as 
reference to taxes under GST. 
 
4. 
Notwithstanding anything contained in the Agreement or otherwise, the 
Second Party shall adhere to and shall comply with the requirements 
under the GST Act, terms of this Amendment Agreement and the GST 
related terms and conditions in Annexure 1 to this Amendment 
Agreement.  
 
5. 
Miscellaneous  
 
This Amendment Agreement, including the relevant Annexures hereto 
represents the entire agreement between the Parties and supersedes 
and cancels all previous negotiations, agreements or commitments 
(whether written or oral) with respect to the subject matter hereof 
including any memorandum of understanding. This Amendment 
Agreement is executed by the authorized representatives of both the 
Parties. Any amendment and or addition to this Amendment 
Agreement, or related document can be made with the consent of both 
the Parties and shall be valid only if made in writing, signed by 
authorized representatives of both the Parties.  

 
Page 3 of 7 
 
 
Except as otherwise modified herein, all terms and conditions 
(including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, all 
obligations, representations, warranties and covenants of the Parties, 
scope of the agreement) contained in the Agreement shall remain 
unaffected and shall continue to be in full force and effect. In an event 
of any conflict between the terms of this Amendment Agreement, and 
the terms of the Agreement, the terms of this Amendment Agreement, 
shall prevail. 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Amendment 
Agreement, by their duly authorized representatives as of the date and year 
above written. 
 
 
Authorised signatory  
 
 
 
Authorised signatory  
For CBRE South Asia Private Limited 
For _____________________________ 
 
 
 
________________________ 
 
 
________________________ 
 
Name: 
 
 
 
 
 
Name: 
Designation: 
 
 
 
 
Designation: 
 
 
Witness 
 
 
 
 
 
Witness 
 
1. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1. 
 
________________________ 
 
 
________________________ 
Name: 
 
 
 
 
 
Name: 
Designation: 
 
 
 
 
Designation: 
 
 
2. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2. 
 
________________________ 
 
 
________________________ 
Name: 
 
 
 
 
 
Name: 
Designation: 
 
 
 
 
Designation: 
 
 

 
Page 4 of 7 
 
Annexure 1 
 
GST Terms and Conditions 
 
1. 
Notwithstanding anything contained in the Agreement, the following 
provisions in relation to the Goods and Services Tax (“GST”) shall be 
applicable and required to be adhered to by the Second Party. 
 
2.  
The term 'GST Act' shall mean and include Central Goods and Service 
Tax Act, 2017 (CGST Act), State Goods and Service Tax Act, 2017 (SGST 
Act), Integrated Goods and Service Tax Act, 2017 (IGST Act), Union 
Territory Goods and Service Tax Act, 2017 (UTGST Act), the Goods And 
Services Tax (Compensation to States) Act, 2017, rules made 
thereunder and any other GST related legislation in India for the time 
being in force including without limitation statutes, rules, regulations, 
bye-laws, policies made thereunder, along with any revisions, 
amendments or re-enactments and  judgments, decrees, injunctions, 
writs, orders  issued by any Court of Record or other requirement or 
official directive of any Governmental Authority or any person acting 
under the authority of any Governmental Authority or any statutory or 
regulatory authority.  
 
3. 
The Second Party shall: 
 
i. 
provide First Party, the valid PAN no. and state wise GST registration 
number(s); 
 
ii. 
on an annual basis, the Second Party shall provide First Party a self-
declaration that the Second Party is fully compliant with the GST laws, 
rules and regulations and the Second Party has not been black listed; 
 
iii. 
correctly mention all requisite information, on the invoice and the GST 
portal, as required under the GST laws including but not limited to the 
correct amount, the place of supply, rate of tax, GSTIN of First Party 
etc.; 
 
iv. 
on its invoices, correctly mention the purchase order number issued by 
First Party; 
 
v. 
issue invoices, in compliance with the requirements under the GST laws 
and regulations and in a timely manner. Further it shall be the 
responsibility of Second Party to declare the details of the debit notes 
issued to First Party in their returns for the month during which such 
debit notes have been issued, not later than September following the 
end of the financial year in which supply or services was made or 
provided, or the date of furnishing of the relevant annual return, 
whichever is earlier; 
 

 
Page 5 of 7 
 
vi. 
ensure that the invoice raised by Second Party should reach First Party 
not later than 7 days from the date of issuance of invoice; 
 
vii. 
ensure that outward supply return (GSTR-1) is filed correctly and shall 
declare correct information on the invoice raised to First Party and GST 
portal; in case of any mismatch the Second Party shall promptly make 
amendments or such corrective measures to ensure that First Party 
does not suffer any loss of credit due to such mismatch; 
 
viii. 
upload appropriate invoice details on the GSTN (Goods and Service Tax 
Network) within the time stipulated by the GST laws or regulations; 
 
ix. 
where a tax invoice has been issued by Second Party for supply of any 
goods or services as the case may be, and the taxable value or tax 
charged in that tax invoice is found to exceed the taxable value or tax 
payable in respect of such supply, or where the goods supplied are 
returned by First Party, or where goods or services supplied are found 
to be deficient, issue to First Party a GST compliant credit note; 
 
x. 
within the timeline specified under the GST laws and regulations, 
accept the changes / addition / deletion made by First Party on GSTN 
portal on account of non-upload or incorrect upload of details on GSTN 
by the Second Party; 
 
xi. 
in the case where domestic reverse charge is applicable on supply of 
goods or services by Second Party to First Party under GST Act, the 
Second Party shall not charge any tax on invoice raised to First Party; 
 
xii. 
be solely responsible for performing all compliances and making 
payments of GST, cesses, interest, penalties or any other tax/ duty/ 
amount/ charge/ liability arising either out of laws/ regulations 
applicable in India and overseas or because of a demand/ recovery 
initiated by any revenue authority under laws/ regulations applicable 
in India or overseas; 
 
xiii. 
raise invoice basis purchase order issued by First Party; 
 
xiv. 
issue GST compliant receipt voucher to First Party, where in terms of 
the agreement, First Party pays advance amount to the Second Party 
for supply of goods/ services. Further, the Second Party would be 
required to issue refund voucher as prescribed under GST Act in case 
no supply is made and no invoice is raised by Second Party to First 
Party or the value of goods or services is less than the advance amount 
paid; 
 
xv. 
comply with all the requirements related to e-way bill, in case of 
movement of goods exceeding limit as prescribed under the GST Act; 
 

 
Page 6 of 7 
 
xvi. 
share the monthly information of invoices / debit notes / credit notes 
raised for supply of goods or services during the month, with First Party 
along with details of tax deposited thereon; 
 
5. 
Second Party hereby acknowledges that under the Agreement, the place 
of supply under GST Act shall be the place of supply as determined 
under purchase order raised by First Party. It shall be the responsibility 
of the Second Party to intimate First Party well in advance in case of 
deviation / disagreement with the place of supply as mentioned in the 
PO and on rate of tax, billing location, HSN code/ SAC code and other 
particulars stated in PO.  
 
6. 
In addition to the above, in relation to the invoices, the Second Party 
shall ensure that: 
 
i. 
All details relating to the Second Party (name, address, GSTIN, place of 
supply, SAC/ HSN code etc.) and other mandatory details are correctly 
mentioned on the invoice; 
 
ii. 
invoices are raised at the correct registered premise of First Party so 
that First Party can avail credit and the Second Party shall ensure that 
the place of supply as per GST law is same as registered premise of First 
Party; 
 
iii.    in case Second Party raises the invoice on an address other than agreed, 
it shall be the responsibility of the Second Party to modify and rectify 
the invoice in a timely manner. 
 
7. 
The Second Party hereby agrees to pass on the benefit of reduced prices 
to First Party, arising due to seamless credit admissibility and reduction 
in rate of tax under the GST regime. In case the Second Party defaults 
in passing on the benefit to First Party, First Party shall be eligible for 
and shall recover interest computed @18% p.a. till the time of receipt of 
amount of benefits accrued to Second Party due to reasons mentioned 
above. Further, the Second Party shall provide First Party, if requested 
for, a certificate from a Chartered Accountant certifying the amount of 
benefit to Second Party accrued on account of the above. 
 
8. 
Notwithstanding anything contained in the agreement executed 
between the Parties, First Party will make the payment to the Second 
Party only after the invoice is uploaded by Second Party in GST outward 
supply return i.e. GSTR-1 and credit of GST is available (reflected in 
GSTR-2A) to First Party. Further, the Second Party acknowledges that 
for claiming its payment the Second Party shall submit the following 
documents to First Party along with appropriate invoice:  
 
1. E-way bills; 
2. Delivery challans; 
6. Any other document as may be informed by First Party. 

 
Page 7 of 7 
 
 
9. 
Notwithstanding anything contained in the agreement or any 
modifications thereof, First Party shall be within its right to deduct tax 
at source from any payments to the Second Party, as prescribed under 
GST Act. 
 
10. 
The Second Party shall indemnify, hold harmless and defend First 
Party, its Affiliates, directors, officers, employees, and agents 
(“Indemnified Persons”) from and against any claims, loss, costs, 
penalties arising out of due to the breach or due to any of the acts or 
omission on the part of the Second Party to comply any of the 
obligations mentioned above or otherwise or due to any reasons whereof 
First Party is not able to avail the tax credit under the GST laws and 
regulations. 
 
 

 
CBRE Service Agreement 5-26-17 (Rev 3) 
Exhibit 1 
 
Amendments to the Terms and Conditions 
 
Clause 
# 
Clause Description 
Sub-Clause 
Revised Clause 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
 
    -1- 
CBRE Service Agreement 30-11-16 (Rev 2) 
 
Exhibit 2 
Definition of Services 
 
This is Exhibit 2 to the Services Agreement by and between CBRE and Service Provider (the 
“Agreement”) and constitutes a profile service description for Services that may be incorporated 
for performance under one or more Statement of Works.    
Service Provider will provide the Services as necessary in order to satisfy the Service Levels and 
in accordance with the Policy and Procedures Manual, the then current CBRE Standards (including 
CBRE standards, specifications, policies, processes and procedures relating to information 
technology, data entry, data management, data transmission, data privacy, security and technology, 
as applicable), applicable Laws, and as directed by CBRE from time to time. 
 

 
Exhibit_3_-_Statement_of_Work_2     Page 1 of 15 
  
Exhibit 3 
STATEMENT OF WORK FOR SERVICE AGREEMENT  
                                                                      
                           Statement of Work #:      
Modification #:       
SOW Date:      
This Statement of Work is issued pursuant to Service Agreement No.        ___________ 
 and 
all 
Goods 
and 
Services authorized hereunder will be delivered in accordance with the terms and conditions of said Service 
Agreement with such terms and conditions being incorporated herein by reference with the same force and effect  as 
if the full text were presented in its entirety.  Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Statement of Work, all 
capitalized terms shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Service Agreement. All Exhibits and Addenda of 
this Statement of Work are Incorporated Documents.  
CBRE Entity: 
 
CBRE Point of Contact, 
Title and Contact 
Information:  
Name: Amit Verma 
Title: Director – Sourcing 
Phone Number: +91 124 - 4659700 
Email Address: Amit.Verma3@cbre.com 
Agent/Principal: 
CBRE is Principal with respect to this Statement of Work. 
                  (Principal or Agent for Client) 
Client: 
Please refer PO 
Service Provider:  
 
Payment Terms: 
________ days after receipt of invoice, subject to CBRE has received payment from 
Client for such Services Provider Fees 
Governing Law: 
 
Term: 
Commencing _____________ and ending___________, subject to earlier 
termination in accordance with the terms of the Service Agreement. 
Description of Products & Services 
(Specify Below and include the details  Scope of Services and Price; include all 
applicable sales tax) 
 
Amount 
 
[Insert General Description of Services] 
 
Attachments: 
 
Addendum 1 – Statement of Works Specific Terms and Conditions  
Addendum 2 – Scope of Services 
Addendum 3 – Facility Listing 
Addendum 4 – Pricing 
Addendum 5 – Client Required Flow-down Terms and Conditions 
Addendum 6 – Change Request  
Addendum 7 – Transition Services  
Addendum 8 – As per Exhibit 10 Meeting Schedule  
 
 
See Addendum 3 

 
Exhibit_3_-_Statement_of_Work_2     Page 2 of 15 
  
 
 
This Statement of Work and the referenced Service Agreement represent the entire agreement between CBRE, Inc. 
and Service Provider concerning the Services provided herein. 
SIGNATURES ARE ON THE FOLLOWING PAGE 
CBRE: 
CBRE, Inc. 
[Insert Account Address] 
[Insert Account Address] 
 
 
SERVICE PROVIDER: 
[Service Provider Name]. 
[Insert Account Address] 
[Insert Account Address] 
 
By: 
 
 
By: 
 
Name: 
 
 
Name: 
 
Title: 
 
 
Title: 
 
Date: 
 
 
Date: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Exhibit_3_-_Statement_of_Work_2     Page 3 of 15 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Addendum 1 
Statement of Work Specific Terms and Conditions 
1. 
Include the language below in the SOW only if CBRE is acting as Agent for Client with respect 
to this Statement of Work. 
Service Provider acknowledges and agrees that CBRE is entering into this Statement of Work 
solely in its capacity as agent for Client pursuant to the terms of CBRE’s agreement or agreements 
with Client.  With respect to all contractual obligations, whether express or implied, entered into 
by and between CBRE and Service Provider, whether pursuant to this Statement of Work or 
otherwise, Service Provider and CBRE hereby acknowledge and agree that CBRE is entering into 
such obligations only in its capacity as Client’s agent and with respect to any and all obligations to 
be discharged on behalf of Client or CBRE, Client shall be, and hereby is acknowledged to be, the 
exclusive obligor hereunder.  In connection therewith, CBRE shall bear no obligation, express or 
implied, with respect thereto, and Service Provider shall not seek enforcement of any such 
obligation against CBRE, in CBRE’s individual capacity or as Client’s agent hereunder. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Exhibit_3_-_Statement_of_Work_2     Page 4 of 15 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Exhibit_3_-_Statement_of_Work_2     Page 5 of 15 
  
Addendum 2 
Scope of Services 
Service Provider shall provide the Services to CBRE and the Eligible Recipients in accordance with 
the Agreement (including Exhibits and Attachments thereto) as it may be modified and/or 
supplemented in this Statement of Work (including the Schedules and Attachments hereto).   
 
[include detailed description of Services to be provided, including  
• 
Work plan or other document detailing Services, as appropriate 
• 
Detail Milestones, including Critical Milestones  that carry Deliverable Credits or 
payment triggers 
• 
Identify if the Services are “Strategic Services” (and if so, define the Direct CBRE 
Competitors and Restraint Period); 
• 
Define any specific infrastructure or security requirements required for Service Provider 
to have in place prior to performing the services.  
• 
Define any Warranty Period for Developed Materials 
• 
Define any Eligible Recipients] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Exhibit_3_-_Statement_of_Work_2     Page 6 of 15 
  
Addendum 3 
Facility Listing 
Service Provider and its Affiliates and Subcontractors shall provide the Services pursuant to the Statement 
of Work at or from the Service Provider Facilities described in this Addendum 2.  
 
Service Provider Facilities –  
Ref # 
Country 
Location 
Site 
 
1 
 
 
 
2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Exhibit_3_-_Statement_of_Work_2     Page 7 of 15 
  
Addendum 4 
Pricing 
STATEMENT OF WORK PRICING 
Include all pricing documents in the space below  
1. Pricing Forms  
2. Resource units  
3. Termination charges  
4. Others (please add as relevant) 
 
Upon agreement of the parties for Productivity Savings (Exhibit 4, Clause 6), Service Provider 
shall have ___ % year on year guaranteed savings. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Exhibit_3_-_Statement_of_Work_2     Page 8 of 15 
  
 
Addendum 5 
Client Required Flow-Down Terms and Conditions 
 
All provisions of this Addendum 5 are intended to supplement the Agreement.  Notwithstanding, 
any language to the contrary contained in the Agreement, in the event of a conflict between the 
terms of this Addendum 5 with those terms covering the same subject matter in the body of the 
Agreement, the terms of this Addendum shall prevail. 
 
 
 
 

 
Exhibit_3_-_Statement_of_Work_2     Page 9 of 15 
  
Addendum 6 
Change Request Template 
CONTRACT NUMBER: CW [XXXX] 
 ([PROJECT WORK ORDER DESCRIPTION])  
CHANGE REQUEST #: CR [XXX] 
This Change Request, dated ____________ involves the request by [enter Requesting Party] for changes 
to the  Services under a Statement of Work or Project Work Order (Change). 
This Change Request does not authorize Service Provider to commence any amended Services and CBRE 
retains the right at all times to withdraw or reject the Change Request until such time as both parties have 
executed this Change Request or a formal variation to the Statement of Work or Project Work Order.    
If CBRE approves the Change, and the Parties execute this Change Request, it will form a variation to the 
relevant Statement of Work or Project Work Order. 
. 
To: 
[enter Requesting Party] 
From: 
[enter Receiving Party] 
 
 
 
 
Service 
Provider 
Contact: 
[Service 
Provider 
contact 
name] 
RT Contact: 
[RT name] 
Change Request Details 
Change 
Request 
Name 
[brief reference name to reflect requirement] 
Date Raised 
[dd/mm/yy] 
Date Required 
[dd/mm/yy] 
Importance 
□High  □Medium  □Low 
Priority 
□High  □Medium  □Low 
Material change to 
existing Services 
□Yes   □No 
New service  
□Yes   □No 
Description 
of 
proposed Change 
[provide as much detail as available or reference a separate document; details to include 
1. the Change proposed and reason for Change 
2. any risks associated with the proposed Change 
3. the impact to Service Levels (during and after implementation) 
4. the impact to technology or infrastructure 
5. the timeframe to implement  

 
Exhibit_3_-_Statement_of_Work_2     Page 10 of 15 
  
6. the roles and responsibilities of the parties ] 
  
Charges 
[define any changes to the Charges ]  
Assumptions 
[define any assumptions]   
Attachments 
/ 
References 
[define] 
Related 
Change 
Requests 
[define] 
Approval requirements 
Service Provider 
Approval 
Required By  
[enter name/position of person 
with appropriate authority] 
 
CBRE Approval 
Required By 
[enter name/position of person 
with appropriate delegated 
financial authority or who will 
be impacted by the Change] 
Signature 
 
Signature 
 
Date 
 
Date 
 
 
 
CBRE Approval 
Required By 
RT Statement of Work 
Relationship Manager or their 
delegated authority 
 
 
Signature 
 
 
 
Date 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Exhibit_3_-_Statement_of_Work_2     Page 11 of 15 
  
Addendum 7 
Transition Services 
 
The Transition Plan are an inherent or necessary part of the Transition Services or are required 
for the proper performance of the Transition Services in accordance with the Statement of 
Work, they shall be deemed to be included within the scope of the Transition Services to be 
delivered for no additional charge, as if such services, functions or responsibilities were 
specifically described in the Transition Plan.  
 
During the Transition Services Period, CBRE will perform those tasks which are designated to 
be CBRE’s responsibility in  the Transition Plan (which shall be deemed to include any services, 
functions or responsibilities not specifically described in the Transition Plan that are an inherent 
or necessary part of, or are required for the proper performance of, what are described in the 
Transition Plan as CBRE responsibilities) provided, however, CBRE shall not be obligated to 
perform any tasks during the Transition Services Period that are not set forth in the Transition 
Plan.  
 
Unless otherwise agreed, CBRE shall not incur any charges, fees or expenses payable to Service 
Provider or third parties in connection with the Transition Services, other than those charges, 
fees and expenses specified in the Statement of Work and those incurred by CBRE in 
connection with its performance of tasks designated in the Transition Plan as CBRE’s 
responsibility. 
 
1.1 
Content of Transition Plan.  
(a) 
the Service Provider shall include in the summary transition plan the following:   
(i) 
a process and set of standards acceptable to CBRE to which Service Provider 
will adhere in the performance of the Transition Services and that will 
enable CBRE to determine whether Service Provider has successfully 
completed the transition and the activities and deliverables associated with 
each Critical  Milestone, in accordance with the acceptance criteria specified 
in the Transition Plan; 
(ii) 
the contingency or risk mitigation strategies to be employed by Service 
Provider in the event of disruption or delay;  
(iii) 
any transition responsibilities to be performed or transition resources to be 
provided by CBRE or the Eligible Recipients; and  
(iv) 
a detailed work plan identifying the specific transition activities to be 
performed by individual Service Provider Personnel on a weekly basis 
during the Transition Services Period.  
(b) 
Upon approval by CBRE, the detailed Transition Plan shall be appended as 
Addendum 7 to the Statement of Work. 
 
 

 
Exhibit_3_-_Statement_of_Work_2     Page 12 of 15 
  
1.2 
Performance.  
 
(a) 
Service Provider shall provide all cooperation and assistance reasonably required 
or requested by CBRE in connection with CBRE’s evaluation or testing of the 
deliverables set forth in the Transition Plan.  
(b) 
Service Provider shall perform the Transition Services in a manner so as to avoid 
or minimise to the extent reasonably possible any:  
(i) 
disruption or adverse impact on the business or operations of CBRE or the 
Eligible Recipients;  
(ii) 
degradation of the Services then being received by CBRE or the Eligible 
Recipients;  
(iii) 
disruption or interference with the ability of CBRE or the Eligible 
Recipients to obtain the full benefit of the Services, except as may be 
otherwise provided in the Transition Plan.  
(c) 
Prior to undertaking any transition activity, Service Provider shall discuss with 
CBRE all known specific material risks and shall not proceed with such activity 
until CBRE is reasonably satisfied with the plans with regard to such risks 
(provided, however, that, neither Service Provider’s disclosure of any such risks to 
CBRE, nor CBRE’s acquiescence in Service Provider’s plans, shall operate or be 
construed as limiting Service Provider’s responsibilities under this Agreement or a 
Statement of Work). 
(d) 
Service Provider shall identify and resolve, with CBRE’s reasonable assistance, any 
problems that may impede or delay the timely completion of each task in the 
Transition Plan that is Service Provider’s responsibility and shall use commercially 
reasonable efforts to assist CBRE with the resolution of any problems that may 
impede or delay the timely completion of each task in the Transition Plan that is 
CBRE’s responsibility. 
1.3 
Meetings; Reports.  
(a) 
Service Provider shall meet at least weekly or at such other intervals with CBRE to 
report on its progress in performing its responsibilities and meeting the timetable 
set forth in the Transition Plan for the Statement of Work. Service Provider shall 
include Service Provider Personnel in such meetings as and to the extent appropriate 
or requested by CBRE.  
(b) 
Service Provider also shall provide written reports to CBRE at least weekly, 
regarding such matters, and shall provide oral reports more frequently if reasonably 
requested by CBRE. Promptly upon receiving any information indicating that 
Service Provider may not perform its responsibilities or meet the timetable set forth 
in the Transition Plan, Service Provider shall notify CBRE in writing of material 
delays and shall identify for CBRE’s consideration and approval specific measures 
to address such delay and mitigate the risks associated therewith.  
1.4 
Suspension or Delay of Transition Activities.  
 

 
Exhibit_3_-_Statement_of_Work_2     Page 13 of 15 
  
(a) 
CBRE reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to suspend or delay the performance 
of the Transition Services and/or the transition of any part of the Services under the 
Statement of Work. If CBRE elects to exercise such right, then, to the extent 
CBRE’s decision is based on Service Provider’s failure to perform its obligations 
with respect to the Transition Services under this Agreement or the Statement of 
Work, CBRE shall not incur any additional Charges, Termination Charges or 
reimbursable expenses in connection with such decision.  
(b) 
To the extent CBRE’s decision is not based on Service Provider’s failure to perform 
its obligations under this Agreement or the Statement of Work, CBRE shall, in 
addition to paying any applicable Charges for Services that Service Provider 
continues to provide, reimburse Service Provider for any additional costs 
reasonably incurred by Service Provider as a result of such decision (provided that 
Service Provider notifies CBRE in advance of such costs, obtains CBRE’s approval 
prior to incurring such costs, establishes a reasonable cap on such costs and uses 
commercially reasonable efforts to minimise such costs). 
1.5 
Failure to Meet Critical Transition Milestones.  
The Parties acknowledge and agree that each Transition Plan under a Statement of Work 
may specify various Critical Milestones by which material transition activities and/or 
deliverables are to be completed. If Service Provider fails to meet a ccritical mmilestone, 
Service Provider shall pay CBRE the Deliverable Credits to cover the  lost. Neither the 
Transition Services nor the activities and deliverables associated with individual ccritical 
mmilestones shall be deemed complete until CBRE’s aacceptance of such activities and 
deliverables.  
1.6 
Termination for Cause.  
(a) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, and in addition to any other termination right CBRE 
may have under the Agreement or this Statement of Work, CBRE may terminate 
the Statement of Work in whole or in part for cause if:  
(i) 
Service Provider materially breaches its obligations with respect to the 
provision of Transition Services under the Statement of Work and fails to 
cure such breach within fifteen (15) days after its receipt of notice;  
(ii) 
Service Provider fails to meet a Critical Milestone by the applicable date set 
out in the Transition Plan and Service Provider fails to cure such failure 
within fifteen (15) days after its receipt of notice.  
(b) 
In all such events, CBRE may recover the damages suffered by CBRE or the 
Eligible Recipients in connection with such a termination, provided that, if such a 
termination is based on Service Provider’s failure to meet a Critical Milestone, 
Service Provider shall be entitled to set-off against such damages any Deliverable 
Credits Service Provider has paid for the failure to meet such Critical Milestone.  
 
 
1. Transition Services Period: 
a. Start Date: 
b. End Date: 
 

 
Exhibit_3_-_Statement_of_Work_2     Page 14 of 15 
  
2. Transition Services.   
 
a. Description of services: The following Transition Services shall be undertaken by 
Service Provider 
[include detailed description of services to be provided] 
 
b. CBRE Responsibilities: 
[include detailed description of services to be provided] 
 
c. Deliverables.   
[identify all specific deliverables to be provided; Note – as appropriate, these can 
be identified in the  attached Transition Plan or other document detailing 
Transition Services, as appropriate; note these should be tied to Critical 
Deliverables, as applicable, see below] 
 
 
3. Transition Plan.   
[initially include summary  transition plan which shall be replaced with a detailed final 
transition plan within 15 days after the Statement of Work Effective Date; ensure Statement 
of Work Commencement Date is defined;] 
 
# 
Transition 
Stream 
Transition Deliverable 
Milestone 
Date 
Interim/ 
Final 
Milestone 
Critical 
Transitio
n 
Milestone 
Deliverab
le Credit 
1 
[example] 
[description] 
[date] 
[I/F] 
[Y/N] 
[$] 
 
4. Transition meetings.   
[include type, frequency and attendees] 
 
5. Transition reports.   
[include details, frequency, media] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Exhibit_3_-_Statement_of_Work_2     Page 15 of 15 
  
Addendum 8 
 
(Ref: Exhibit 10.4) 
 
Governance 
Forum 
Meeting 
Frequency 
CBRE Members 
Supplier Members 
Work 
Statement 
Relationship 
Meeting 
Quarterly  
Work Statement 
Relationship Manager 
Supply Chain Manager  
Other personnel as 
required 
Work Statement 
Relationship Manager 
Other personnel as 
required 
 

 
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
 
    -1- 
CBRE Service Agreement 30-11-16 (Rev 2) 
 
Exhibit 4 
Pricing  
1. 
General  
In addition to the requirements specified in the Service Agreement, this Exhibit 4 contains 
pricing and financial provisions.  There shall be no charges to CBRE except those expressly 
provided for in this Exhibit 4 or the applicable Statement of Work(s). 
2. 
Assumptions  
(a) 
Service Provider will document any key assumptions affecting price, schedule or 
functionality applicable Statement of Work. If no impacts are specified, then CBRE 
will assume there are none.   
(b) 
Service Provider shall not charge CBRE for on-call or shift differential premiums 
unless otherwise agreed to in a Statement of Work. 
(c) 
Service Provider shall not be entitled to charge for overtime unless agreed by CBRE 
prior to being incurred. 
3. 
Out of Pocket Expenses  
3.1 
Immigration, living and equipment 
Unless otherwise specified in a Statement of Work, the charges include all immigration, 
living and equipment (including laptop and desktop) expenses.  
 
3.2 
Travel  
CBRE shall reimburse Service Provider for Out-of-Pocket Expenses incurred for travel as 
required to perform the Services specified in a Statement of Work provided that:  
(a) 
such expenses (including an estimate of the total cost) have been agreed by the 
Parties in the Statement of Work or in writing prior to such expenses being incurred;  
(b) 
Service Provider complies with applicable CBRE travel expense policies which 
have been notified in writing to Service Provider.  
3.3 
Increases tax costs  
(a) 
The Parties acknowledge and agree that, in certain circumstances, Service Provider 
Personnel performing Services in a single location outside the city, state, province, 
or country in which such Service Provider Personnel are based may incur increased 
tax costs for which they are entitled to be reimbursed by Service Provider.   

 
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
 
    -2- 
CBRE Service Agreement 30-11-16 (Rev 2) 
 
(b) 
With respect to project work performed by Service Provider on a time & materials 
basis, CBRE agrees to reimburse Service Provider for such increased tax costs if 
and to the extent the applicable Statement of Work expressly provides for such 
reimbursement.  If the applicable Statement of Work does not provide for such 
reimbursement, but CBRE changes the requirements of the time & materials project 
in a manner that prolongs the anticipated involvement of Service Provider 
Personnel then working on the project and thereby triggers the potential for such 
increased tax costs, Service Provider shall so notify CBRE via a Change Request, 
and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to propose means of minimising any 
increased tax costs to the extent legally permissible.  If the Parties are unable to 
agree on measures to minimise such increased tax costs and CBRE nonetheless 
wishes to proceed with such changes, CBRE shall reimburse Service Provider for 
such increased tax costs.  In all events, Service Provider shall use commercially 
reasonable efforts to minimise to the extent legally permissible any increased tax 
costs to be reimbursed by CBRE.  For avoidance of doubt, unless otherwise agreed 
in a specific Statement of Work, CBRE shall not be obligated to reimburse Service 
Provider for increased tax costs associated with non-project work or project work 
on a fixed price basis.  
4. 
Non chargeable functions 
The charges shall not include the cost of functions, including overhead functions that are 
provided as part of overall contract management and administration.  Examples of these 
functions include:  
(a) 
performing Service Provider back office functions; 
(b) 
Service Provider account management; 
(c) 
Service Provider managers (excluding project managers, project staff, team 
leaders/supervisors and their immediate managers); 
(d) 
all transition/migration-related activities (e.g., project management, training, 
process implementation, governance, planning, knowledge-transfer) except where 
expressly listed as chargeable in a Statement of Work; 
(e) 
Service Level administration, monitoring, metrics/measurement implementation 
(other than function point counting and administration), and reporting as required 
by the Statement of Work; 
(f) 
resource management or administration, staffing, HR-related functions; 

 
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
 
    -3- 
CBRE Service Agreement 30-11-16 (Rev 2) 
 
(g) 
Service Provider financial teams; 
(h) 
all administration-related functions including administrative assistants and/or 
secretaries, promotion, publicity, internal management; 
(i) 
all management reporting to the extent required by the Statement of Work; 
(j) 
all planning-related activities (including technology, business, financial/budget, 
data centre capacity and support);  
(k) 
all activities to train Service Provider Personnel (other than training required by 
CBRE that is specific to CBRE’s businesses and not general to the technology 
supported by Service Provider); 
(l) 
implementation, training of Service Provider Personnel, and customisation of 
standard project management processes and methodologies; 
(m) 
activities and tools implemented by Service Provider either at its discretion or as 
required to meet its obligations under the Statement of Work; 
(n) 
work to develop action plans as a result of any Service Level Default;  
(o) 
support of any chargeback or allocation of Service Provider’s invoice to the extent 
required by the Statement of Work. 
5. 
Productivity Savings 
 
5.1 
Obligation to cooperate  
From time to time, CBRE may request that the Parties work together to identify ways to 
achieve reductions in the cost of service delivery and corresponding reductions in the 
Charges to be paid by CBRE by modifying or reducing the nature or scope of the 
Services, the applicable Service Levels or other contract requirements.  
5.2 
Cost reduction proposal  
(a) 
If requested by CBRE, Service Provider shall  
(i) promptly prepare a proposal at a level of detail sufficient to permit CBRE 
to make an informed business decision regarding viable ways of 
achieving the desired reductions without adversely impacting business 
objectives or requirements identified by CBRE; 
(ii) give due consideration to any means of achieving such reductions 
proposed by CBRE; and  

 
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
 
    -4- 
CBRE Service Agreement 30-11-16 (Rev 2) 
 
(iii) negotiate in good faith with CBRE about each requested reduction in 
Charges and, without disclosing the actual cost of providing the Services, 
shall identify for CBRE if and to what extent the cost of service delivery 
may be reduced by implementing various changes in the contract 
requirements.  
 
(b) CBRE shall not be obligated to accept or implement any proposal prepared 
by the Service Provider in accordance with Section 5.2(a) and Service 
Provider shall not be obligated to implement any change that affects the terms 
of this Agreement unless and until such change is reflected in a written 
amendment to this Agreement. 

PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
 
    -1- 
CBRE Master Service Agreement 30-11-16 (Rev 2) 
 
Exhibit 5 
CBRE Service Provider Code of Conduct 
POLICY 7.2.1 SERVICE PROVIDER CODE OF CONDUCT 
 
EFFECTIVE DATE: May 20, 2016 
 
REVISED: 
 
CBRE Group, Inc., including each of its divisions, business units, affiliates and subsidiaries, 
(collectively, “CBRE”) is firmly committed to conducting business with the highest integrity and 
in compliance with the letter and spirit of the law. As an industry leader and a responsible business, 
CBRE seeks to use its position to promote the highest standards for ethics and business conduct 
wherever CBRE operates. As a service provider of products and/or services to CBRE, your 
company (“Service Provider”) is critical to CBRE’s success, and in order for CBRE to provide 
superior services in a responsible manner, CBRE requires Service Provider to comply with this 
Service Provider Code of Conduct (this “Code”). 
 
This Code sets forth CBRE’s fundamental ethical and business conduct requirements for its service 
providers. This Code is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all requirements to be followed by 
Service Provider, but is intended to be a high level overview of such requirements. All references 
in this Code to “Laws” means all applicable laws, regulations, directives, rules, decrees, and 
governmental orders. 
 
Service Provider is responsible for ensuring that their directors, officers, employees, agents, 
representatives, service providers, subcontractors, and other business partners understand, and 
comply with, the requirements set forth in this Code. Service Provider will promptly notify CBRE 
in writing of any known or suspected violation of this Code. 
 
Anti-bribery/Corruption. Service Provider must compete strictly on the basis of the merits of 
their products and services. Service Provider must never offer, promise, authorize, or provide, 
directly or indirectly, anything of value (including, without limitation, business gifts or courtesies) 
with the intent or effect of inducing anyone (including, without limitation, a CBRE customer, 
CBRE employee, or higher tier or sub-tier service provider) to forego their duties and provide 
unfair business advantage to CBRE, Service Provider, or others. Accordingly, Service Provider 
will, and will cause its employees, representatives, and subcontractors to, comply with all Laws 
relating to anticorruption and anti-money laundering in all of the countries in which any affiliated 
business or associate of the Service Provider provides products or services, directly or indirectly, 
and any other countries in which Service Provider conducts business. 
 
Unfair Business Practices. Service Provider must not engage in any illegal anti-competitive 
conduct or deceptive trade practice for any reason whatsoever, whether on behalf of CBRE, 
Service Provider, or others. Accordingly, Service Provider must never rig bids, fix prices, or 
provide or exchange customers, CBRE’s, Service Provider’s, or others’ competitively sensitive 
information (including, without limitation, price, cost, and technical data) with CBRE’s 
competitors or competitors of Service Provider. Service Provider must also refrain from abusing 

PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
 
    -2- 
CBRE Master Service Agreement 30-11-16 (Rev 2) 
 
their market power, whether for their benefit or for the benefit of others, by refusing to deal fairly, 
engaging in predatory or discriminatory pricing practices, conditioning the sale or provision of a 
particular product or service with that of another 
product or service, or undertaking similar abusive tactics. Service Provider must not engage in 
other deceptive or unfair market practices, whether on behalf of CBRE, Service Provider, or others. 
Further, Service Provider must never make any misrepresentations relating to the products or 
services of CBRE, Service Provider or others. Similarly, Service Provider must never denigrate 
CBRE’s competitors or Service Provider’s competitors, or their products or services. 
 
Data Privacy and Information Security. Service Provider must follow all applicable data 
protection, privacy and information security Laws in the countries in which it operates and be 
committed to respecting and protecting the privacy of individuals (including, without limitation, a 
CBRE customer, CBRE employee or other service provider). Service Provider may only collect 
personal information for business related purposes in connection with the specific services being 
provided to CBRE. Service Provider shall retain personal information only for as long as necessary 
to fulfill the business related purposes in connection with the services being provided to CBRE. 
Service Provider may disclose personal information to third parties only as necessary to provide 
services to CBRE or as may be 
required by Laws and Service Provider shall take all appropriate actions to ensure that a third party 
protects personal information that CBRE discloses to it. Service Provider shall collect, use, 
maintain, disclose (internally and externally), and destroy personal information in a manner that 
limits the risk of loss, theft, misuse, or unauthorized access. Service Provider shall dispose of 
personal information upon the completion of services to CBRE or when no longer needed for the 
business related purposes. 
 
Conflict of Interest. Service Provider must avoid all conflicts of interest or situations giving the 
appearance of a conflict of interest when doing business with CBRE. Service Provider must 
promptly report to CBRE any instances involving actual or apparent conflicts of interest between 
Service Provider’s interests and those of CBRE, such as a direct personal or financial interests in 
a business decision or service provider selection. Likewise, Service Provider shall not, without 
prior written notification thereof to CBRE, enter into any business relationship with any director, 
employee, or representative of CBRE that may create a conflict with their fiduciary obligations 
with, or the 
interests of, CBRE. 
 
Labor. Service Provider must follow all applicable Laws in the countries in which it operates, and 
be committed to the value of, and respect for, all people. Service Provider is responsible for 
respecting human rights in its operations, and will comply with the standards set forth in the United 
Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights. The standards set forth in this Code apply to all 
workers, including, without limitation, temporary, migrant, student, contract, direct employees, 
and any other type of worker of Service Provider. The applicable labor standards are: 
 
1.  Child Labor. Service Provider will not engage in or condone the unlawful employment 
or exploitation of children in the workplace. Service Provider will be committed to 
combating the exploitation of children, and therefore prohibit any use of child labor with 
any vendor, service provider or other third party arrangements. Service Provider will work 

PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
 
    -3- 
CBRE Master Service Agreement 30-11-16 (Rev 2) 
 
to raise awareness internally of such exploitation and cooperate with law enforcement 
authorities to address any such instances of which Service Provider becomes aware.  
 
2.  Human Trafficking, Slavery and the Right to Voluntary Labor. Service Provider will 
respect the free choice of all persons and strictly prohibit forced or compulsory labor for 
any employees. Service Provider will not do business with, tolerate, or associate with 
organizations or entities that condone or are engaged in the practice of coercing or 
imposing work with little or no freedom of choice. Service Provider will comply with the 
UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, and will work to raise awareness 
within its employee population of Service Provider’s responsibility to protect human rights. 
Service Provider will cooperate with law enforcement to address such instances that come 
to the attention of Service Provider. 
 
3.  Freedom Against Prejudice and Discrimination. Service Provider will strive to 
maintain an inclusive workplace free of harassment and discrimination based on a person’s 
status such as race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender 
identity, age, disability, veteran or military status or other characteristics protected by Law. 
Service Provider will ensure that it has requisite policies and practices in place to foster a 
harassment and retaliation free environment. 
 
4.  Safe and Secure Workplace. Service Provider will be dedicated to providing a safe and 
safe workplace for all of its employees, and prevent accidents to employees, customers, 
and visitors. Service Provider’s leadership will ensure compliance with this commitment 
in every location and facility in which Service Provider operates. 
 
5.  Working Hours and Wages. Service Provider will comply with all Laws dealing with 
the wages Service Provider pays its employees and the hours they work. As appropriate, 
Service Provider’s policy will be further defined at the regional and country level to prevent 
the exploitation of the local workforce. Service Provider will be committed to being an 
ethical employer that strives to improve labor standards, respects its employees’ 
contributions, and rewards them fairly. 
 
6.  Freedom of Association. Service Provider will respect the rights of employees and 
comply with all Laws concerning freedom of association and collective bargaining. 
 
Health and Safety. Service Provider must comply with all health, safety, and security Laws of the 
jurisdictions in which it does business and limit worker exposure to potential safety hazards 
(including, without limitation, electrical sources, fire, heat, vehicles, and fall hazards) through 
proper design, engineering and administrative controls, preventive maintenance and safe work 
procedures. When necessary to safely perform a job, Suppler will provide workers at no cost and 
as appropriate the proper personal protective equipment and ensure proper maintenance of the 
equipment. Service Provider employees must be free to raise safety concerns without fear of 
retaliation in any form. Service Provider will record, track and report all occupational injuries and 
illnesses as required by applicable Laws and in a manner which will: (i) encourage worker 
reporting of job related injuries; (ii) classify and record cases of injury and work related illness; 
(iii) provide necessary 

PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
 
    -4- 
CBRE Master Service Agreement 30-11-16 (Rev 2) 
 
medical treatment; and (iv) investigate and implement corrective actions to eliminate their causes. 
 
Environment and Sustainability. Service Provider recognizes that adverse effects on the 
community, environment and natural resources must be minimized to safeguard the health and 
safety of the public. To achieve this objective, Service Provider shall observe and comply with all 
applicable environmental Laws, including, without limitation, those which relate to (i) obtaining 
and maintaining required environmental permits, approvals and registrations, as well as complying 
with applicable operational and reporting requirements; (ii) the handling, removal, transportation 
and disposal of hazardous materials used by Service Provider; and (iii) monitoring, controlling, 
treating and sanitizing air emissions, waste water and solid wastes. Service Provider will seek 
opportunities that 
promote the efficient use of resources and energy, as well as clean and low energy solutions. 
 
Gifts and Gratuities. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, Service Provider shall not 
give to or receive from any director, employee, or representative of CBRE any gift, entertainment, 
or other favor of material value, or any commission, fee, or rebate. 
 
CBRE Compliance Verification. CBRE does not assume any duty to monitor or ensure 
compliance with this Code. Service Provider acknowledges and agrees that Service Provider is 
solely responsible for full compliance with this Code by Service Provider’s directors, officers, 
employees, representatives, service providers, contractors, and other business partners. Service 
Provider will nonetheless permit CBRE and/or its representatives to assess Service Provider’s 
compliance with the expectations set forth in this Code when rendering services or furnishing 
products for CBRE. Such assessments may include, without limitation, on-site inspection of 
Service Provider facilities and review of related Service Provider information, including books, 
records, certifications, permits, and other documentation evidencing Service Provider’s 
compliance with this Code. Service Provider will also fully cooperate with CBRE in such 
assessments, and Service Provider will promptly correct any non-conformances identified during 
such assessments.   
 
In the event that this Code conflicts with the terms of any Service Provider contract with CBRE, 
and the contract term is more restrictive than this Code, the Service Provider must comply with 
the more restrictive term of the contract.   
 
For questions or concerns about this Code, including its application to specific circumstances in 
connection with your organization’s performance of work for CBRE, or to report any suspected 
violations of this Code, please contact your CBRE representative. 
 
 
 

 
CBRE Master Service Agreement 30-11-16 (Rev 2)  
 
 
 
 
Page | 1 
 
Exhibit 6 
Drug Testing and Background Investigation    
Requirements for Service Provider Personnel 
 
1. 
To the extent permitted by Applicable Laws, Service Provider will conduct background 
investigations consistent with Services Provider’s then-current background investigation 
policy, which shall as a minimum meet the requirements of this Exhibit, for all newly hired 
Service Provider Personnel regularly involved in the provision of Services to CBRE or at 
a Facility. 
2. 
Service Provider will provide verification to CBRE that it performed background 
investigations for all Service Provider Personnel regularly involved in the provision of 
Services at the time such Service Provider Personnel were hired by Service Provider or at 
some subsequent time that is prior to their regular involvement in the provision of Services 
to CBRE; provided however, that CBRE and Service Provider may mutually agree on 
certain roles that require an updated background investigation at the time of regular 
involvement in the provision of Services due to the nature of the particular Services to be 
provided (including security guards, prior to first shift at a Facility). The outcome of such 
investigations shall be provided to CBRE upon request unless prohibited by Applicable 
Laws. 
 
3. 
Service Provider and CBRE may mutually agree on certain roles that do not require any 
type of background investigation.  Service Provider shall not provide any Service Provider 
Personnel with access to any Facility prior to the completion of such background 
investigations under this Exhibit and verification to CBRE of the same.  
4. 
Service Provider Personnel who have been providing Services to the Facilities under a 
predecessor agreement between CBRE or Client and Service Provider shall not be required 
to undergo background investigations pursuant to this Exhibit unless CBRE indicates 
otherwise.  Background investigations under this Exhibit will be conducted by Service 
Provider in accordance with applicable national law and at a minimum shall include the 
following:  
(a)  verification of National Insurance Number and eligibility for employment in the 
country in which the employee will perform the Services;   
(b)  a search of driving record conducted in the individual’s current place of residence 
and prior place of residence; and  
(c)  a criminal history search conducted in the employee’s current place of residence 
and prior place of residence (if applicable) and current and previous work locations, 
in each case during the immediately preceding seven (7) year period.  
5. 
Where permitted by Applicable Laws, Service Provider will require Service Provider 
Personnel to successfully pass the following drug testing prior to being allowed access to 
Client Facilities or performing the Services: a five (5) panel drug test which will include 
testing for use of marijuana, cocaine, amphetamines, PCP and opiates.  
 

CBRE Master Service Agreement 30-11-16 (Rev 2)  
 
 
 
 
 
Page | 1 
Exhibit 7 
Insurance Requirements  
 
1. 
Professional Liability (if applicable). Professional Liability coverage with limits of 
US$1,000,000 for each claim. 
 

Exhibit 8 
As Applicable 
 

 
 
Private and Confidential  
 
 
CBRE Master Service Agreement 30-11-16 (Rev 2)  
 
 
 
 
 
      -1- 
 
 
Exhibit 9 
 
Local Country Agreement 
 
This is not applicable as the service partner does not have any regional contract in place. 
 
 

CBRE Service Agreement 30-11-16 (Rev 2)  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page | 1 
EXHIBIT 10  
GOVERNANCE MODEL PRINCIPLES  
1. 
Introduction 
This is Exhibit 10 sets out the governance structure for the Agreement and each Statement 
of Work; the roles and responsibilities of both Parties to maintain a working relationship; 
and the type, content and frequency of Agreement review meetings that will be held. 
2. 
Attachments 
The following Attachments are attached to this Exhibit and are hereby incorporated by 
reference: 
Attachment A: Governance Framework.  This Attachment sets forth the governance 
framework, including meetings, agendas, attendees, etc.   
3. 
Roles and Responsibilities of Key Governance Team Members 
The Parties shall agree the roles and responsibilities of key governance team members in 
relation to a Statement of Work in the applicable Statement of Work.  
 
4. 
Meetings Schedule Summary 
The key governance meetings include: 
 
Governance 
Forum 
Meeting 
Frequency 
CBRE Members 
Service 
Provider 
Members 
Strategic 
Management 
Meeting 
Annually,  or 
as required 
Mr. Pulak BhaumikAmit 
Verma 
CBRE Relationship 
Manager 
CBRE Relationship 
Manager 
CBRE executive  
personnel as required 
Mr. ____________ 
Service Provider 
Relationship Manager 
Service Provider 
executive personnel as 
required 

CBRE Service Agreement 30-11-16 (Rev 2)  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page | 2 
Global 
Relationship 
Meeting 
Monthly  
(+ every 
quarterly mtg 
includes 
performance 
review / 
contract 
compliance) 
CBRE Relationship 
Manager 
CBRE Relationship 
Manager 
Other personnel as 
required 
Service Provider 
Relationship Manager 
Other personnel as 
required 
Statement 
of 
Work 
Relationship 
Meeting 
Quarterly  
Work Statement 
Relationship Manager 
Supply Chain 
Relationship Manager  
Other personnel as 
required 
Work Statement 
Relationship Manager 
Other personnel as 
required 
 
5. 
Issue Escalation Procedures 
(a) 
From time to time, issues will arise that cannot be resolved at the various levels of 
management within the CBRE and Service Provider teams. These issues may 
include the obligations of a Party, performance issues, commercial issues, personnel 
issue, or other issues. Both Parties’ primary objective and intent is to have issues 
resolved by the appropriate levels of authority without the need for escalation.  The 
issue escalation procedure will be defined in the applicable PPM.  
 
 

CBRE Service Agreement 30-11-16 (Rev 2)  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page | 3 
Attachment A: Governance Framework 
 
Governance 
Forum 
Meeting 
Frequency 
CBRE Members 
Service Provider 
Members 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
1 
CW2011385 
Exhibit 11 
 
 Local Terms 
 
The following terms and conditions amend provisions of the Service Agreement to bring the 
conduct of the parties' or the parties’ Affiliates’ transactions into conformity with local law and 
practice. 
1. India. The following amendments apply where the applicable Statement of Work originates in 
India: 
1.1. Local Service Provider shall comply with its data protection obligations in Section L of the 
Agreement in accordance with the Information Technology Act, 2000 and the Information 
Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Data or 
Information) Rules, 2011. 
1.2. The Statement of Work shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of 
India. Any dispute in relation to the Statement of Work shall be resolved through arbitration 
in accordance with the provisions of the ‘Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996’. 
1.3. Section F.2 (Service Provider’s Compensation – Invoicing Instructions) shall have the 
following additional sub-paragraph: 
“The Service Provider shall, together with the invoice for the preceding month, submit copies 
of ESI and PF challans of its staff for the previous month’s salary disbursement in order to 
receive prompt and timely payment. The ESI/PF details of the salary disbursement made 
towards the pertaining site shall be produced separately.” 
1.4. Section G.1.a (Termination for Convenience) shall be revised as underlined below: 
“G. 
Termination.   
1. Termination for Convenience.   
a. CBRE may terminate this Agreement and/or any Statement of Work, either in whole or in 
part, and with respect to one or more of the Facilities, without liability, fee or penalty, at any 

 
2 
CW2011385 
time and without cause upon fifteen (15) days prior written notice to Service Provider.  In the 
event CBRE’s services have been terminated by Client or CBRE’s agreement with Client 
expires, and either Client or Client’s designee determines to continue this Agreement and 
require Service Provider to continue to perform Services hereunder, CBRE will not be subject 
to any fee, liability or penalty as a result thereof, and CBRE shall have no responsibility to 
Service Provider whatsoever after the date upon which CBRE shall no longer provide services 
to Client.” 
1.5. Section H.2 (Service Provider Representations and Warranties) shall have the following 
additional sub-clause: 
“14. it will fulfil all statutory requirements related to labour issues including but not limited 
to the provisions of The Minimum Wages Act 1948, The Payment of Wages Act 1936, 
Contract Labour (Regulation & Abolition) Act 1970, Payment of Bonus Act 1965, The 
Employees’ State Insurance Act 1948, The Employees’ Provident Funds & Miscellaneous Act 
1952, The Workmen’s Compensation Act 1923, and all other applicable labour laws including 
any amendments or enactments thereof applicable to the Services at Service Provider’s own 
risk and cost in respect of persons employed by the Service Provider.  The Service Provider 
shall comply with, and maintain the required records under, various laws and the authorized 
representative of CBRE and/or Client shall be entitled to inspect these records at any time. 
The Service Provider shall be responsible for any loss, suffered by CBRE, due to non-
compliance of statutory provisions, as detailed by the Service Provider. CBRE shall be entitled 
to deduct and recover such loss from the amounts payable to the Service Provider under this 
Agreement and the relevant Statement of Work.” 
1.6. Section K.2(o) (Data Protection – Service Provider Data Protection Obligations) shall be 
deleted. 
1.7. Section N (Taxes) shall be revised as underlined below: 
“N. Taxes.  Service Provider shall pay any and all Taxes upon receipt of payment for same 
from CBRE.  CBRE and Client shall be allowed to withhold from amounts payable to Service 
Provider hereunder all Taxes and other charges required to be withheld by law.  Service 
Provider shall take such actions and cooperate with CBRE and Client to the extent necessary 

 
3 
CW2011385 
to ensure that CBRE will be treated as a purchasing agent for Client and that the purchase 
and/or provision of materials, equipment and Services under this Agreement qualify for any 
applicable manufacturing, resale, or other tax exemption, and where an exemption is not 
available, the Taxes thereon are minimized.  Service Provider shall prepare, execute, file as 
necessary and retain resale, exemption and similar certificates, and reflect dealer, vendor, 
CBRE and Client exemption or similar numbers on its invoices or billings as necessary to 
exempt or minimize Taxes on goods and Services provided under this Agreement. The 
Service Provider undertakes that it has secured the required registration(s), which is/are 
in full force and effect and no action or claim is pending nor threatened to revoke or 
terminate such registration(s) or declare such registration(s) as invalid. The Service 
Provider shall periodically pay its tax liabilities in compliance with the Applicable Laws 
in connection with the Services performed by the Service Provider under this 
Agreement, such that CBRE is entitled to claim such credit of input tax with respect to 
the Services performed by the Service Provider under this Agreement as permitted 
under the Applicable Laws. The Service Provider hereby undertakes that it will issue 
the tax invoices within the statutory time limits as prescribed under the Applicable Laws 
and in the manner and with all the prescribed particulars as are required to be specified 
as per the Applicable Laws. The Service Provider hereby undertakes that ‘the address / 
location’ of CBRE to which the invoice will be issued by the Service Provider will be as 
per the address mentioned in the relevant Statement of Work issued by CBRE. Post 
performance of Services under this Agreement, the Service Provider shall cooperate 
with CBRE and provide any information that may be reasonably requested by CBRE in 
connection with claiming such credit of input tax under the Applicable Laws such as tax 
invoice or debit note issued by the Service Provider or such other taxpaying document(s) 
as may be required as proof of payment of applicable Taxes by the Service Provider. 
Where, transactions in respect of which CBRE has claimed input tax credit are notified 
as unmatched vis-à-vis the corresponding disclosures made by the Service Provider in 
its periodic returns, the Service Provider would extend necessary assistance including 
inter alia carrying out revision/ rectification of its returns, to enable CBRE to retain such 
claimed credits. Service Provider shall be solely responsible for any penalties or interest 
resulting from Service Provider’s failure to file proper tax returns or promptly to remit to the 

 
4 
CW2011385 
appropriate taxing authorities Taxes or other payments made to Service Provider by Client 
under this Agreement and Service Provider agrees to indemnify on demand, defend (promptly 
and diligently, at Service Provider’s sole expense with attorneys satisfactory to CBRE and 
Client) and hold harmless CBRE and Client against any Claims (as hereinafter defined) that 
any Indemnified Party (as hereinafter defined) may suffer, sustain or incur as a result of 
Service Provider failing to do so.  CBRE shall be entitled to deduct any such loss from the 
amounts payable to the Service Provider under this Agreement. This Section shall survive 
the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 
1.8. Section V.4 (Mediation, Governing Law, and Jurisdiction) shall be revised as underlined 
below: 
“V.4 Jurisdiction.   Subject to Section V.1, each of the Parties agrees to submit to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of Indian courts.” 
1.9. Section X (Limitation of Liability) shall add the following sub-clause: 
“3. CBRE's total liability to the Service Provider, whether in contract, tort (including 
negligence), for breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, arising under or in connection with the 
Agreement and/or relevant Statement of Work shall be limited to fees payable by CBRE as at 
the date of the claim under this Agreement or the relevant Statement of Work, as the case may 
be.” 
1.10. Exhibit 6 (Drug Testing and Background Investigation) shall be renamed “Background 
Investigation”. 
 

