 
 
1 
 
 
 
 
 
Service Level Agreement 
 
 
This agreement is made at Mumbai on this --------------------------- day of _______ 
2021. 
 
BETWEEN 
 
State Bank of India, a statutory body constituted under the State Bank of India 
Act, 1955 having its Corporate Centre at State Bank Bhavan, Madame Cama 
Road, Nariman Point, Mumbai-21, through its Marketing & Communication 
Department hereinafter referred to as “the Bank/SBI/Client” which expression 
shall, unless it be repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to mean 
and include its successors in title and assigns of the First Part: 
 
AND 
 
_______________________________, private/public limited company/LLP/Firm <strike 
off whichever is not applicable> the  provisions of the  Companies Act, 2013/ Limited 
Liability Partnership Act 2008/ Indian Partnership Act 1932 <strike off whichever is not 
applicable>, having its registered office at __________________________________ 
hereinafter referred to as “Service Provider/ Consultant/Vendor” which expression 
shall unless repugnant to the context or meaning thereof shall include its successor, 
executor & permitted assigns of the Second Part. 
 
The Bank and Service Provider are sometimes individually referred to as a “Party” and 
collectively as “Parties” throughout this Agreement, and the words Party and Parties 
shall be construed accordingly. 
 

 
 
2 
WHEREAS 
 
(i) “The Bank” is carrying on business in banking in India and overseas and is 
desirous to avail creative  services for online and offline platform  
 
(ii) 
Service Provider, is in the business of creative designing  services and  has 
agreed to supply the services as per the scope of work defined in the 
Annexure A of this agreement  and as defined  in the  RFP no: 
CC/M&C/2020-21/06 dated 17.02.2021 issued by the Bank along with its 
clarifications/ corrigenda, referred hereinafter as a “RFP” and same shall be 
part of this Agreement and the Bank has agreed to engage ‘Service Provider’ 
for such Services, on a mutually non-exclusive basis. 
 
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants, undertakings and 
terms and conditions set forth below, and for other valid consideration the 
acceptability and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties with 
the intent to be legally bound hereby agree to the following terms and conditions 
hereinafter contained: - 
 
1. 
DEFINITIONS & INTERPRETATION 
 
1.1 
Definition 
 
Certain terms used in this Agreement are defined hereunder. Other terms used in 
this Agreement are defined where they are used and have the meanings there 
indicated. Unless otherwise specifically defined, those terms, acronyms and 
phrases in this Agreement that are utilized in the information technology services 
industry or other pertinent business context shall be interpreted in accordance with 
their generally understood meaning in such industry or business context, unless 
the context otherwise requires/mentions, the following definitions shall apply: 
 
(a) ‘The Bank/SBI/Client’ shall mean the State Bank of India (including its 
domestic branches and foreign offices), and subsidiaries. 

 
 
3 
(b) “Documentation” will describe in detail and in a completely self-contained 
manner how the User may access and use the software/service including, but not 
limited, to the tracker/dashboard to be employed by the agency and any other 
technology based platform used for all tasks assigned to the Agency such that any 
reader of the Documentation can access, use and maintain all of the functionalities, 
maintenance and upgradation of the software tool/service without the need for any 
further instructions. 
(c) ‘Services’ shall mean and include the Services offered by the Agency to the 
Bank, including but not limited to creative services for offline and digital medium 
for SBI as more particularly described in Statement of Work annexed to this 
Agreement as Annexure A and the RFP.  
(d) “Confidential Information” shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 15.1. 
(e) “Intellectual Property Rights” shall mean, on a worldwide basis, any and 
all: 
(i) Rights associated with works of authorship, including copyrights &  moral 
rights;  
(ii) Trademarks;  
(iii) Trade secret rights;  
(iv) Patents, designs, algorithms and other industrial property rights;  
(v) Other intellectual and industrial property rights of every kind and nature, 
however designated, whether arising by operation of law, contract, license or 
otherwise; and  
(vi) Registrations, initial applications, renewals, extensions, continuations, 
divisions or reissues thereof now or hereafter in force (including any rights in 
any of the foregoing). 
f. “Territory” shall mean the entire country of India. 
g. “Effective Date” shall mean the date on which this Agreement takes effect. 
h. “Service Provider/ Agency/Vendor” shall mean the successful Bidder found 
eligible as per eligibility criteria set out in the RFP no: CC/M&C/2020-21/06 dated 
17.02.2021 whose Bid has been accepted and who has emerged as the 
Successful Bidder(s) as per the selection criteria set out in the RFP and to whom 
notification of award has been given by Bank.  

 
 
4 
i. “Reports” shall mean the reports, materials, presentations or other 
communications, written or otherwise, in draft or final form, provided by Service 
Provider in terms of this Agreement. 
j. “Request for Proposal (RFP)” shall mean RFP No. CC/M&C/2020-21/06 dated 
17.02.2021 along with its clarifications/corrigenda/addenda issued by the bank 
from time to time. 
k. “Agreement/Contract” shall mean this agreement including all its Annexure. 
Schedules, Appendix and all amendments therein agreed by the Parties in writing. 
 
 
1.2 
“Interpretations: 
In construing the Agreement: 
1.2.1 Reference to a person includes any individual, firm, body corporate, 
association (whether incorporated or not) and authority or agency (whether 
government, semi government or local). 
1.2.2 The singular includes the plural and vice versa. 
1.2.3 Reference to any gender includes each other gender. 
1.2.4 The provisions of the contents table, headings, clause numbers, italics, bold 
print and underlining is for ease of reference only and shall not affect the 
interpretation of this Agreement. 
1.2.5 The Schedules, Annexures and Appendices to this Agreement shall form 
part of this Agreement. 
1.2.6 A reference to any documents or agreements (and, where applicable, any 
of their respective provisions) means those documents or agreements as 
amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time provided they are amended, 
supplemented or replaced in the manner envisaged in the relevant documents or 
agreements. 
1.2.7 A reference to any statute, regulation, rule or other legislative provision 
includes any amendment to the statutory modification or re-enactment or, 
legislative provisions substituted for, and any statutory instrument issued under 
that statute, regulation, rule or other legislative provision. 
1.2.8 Any agreement, notice, consent, approval, disclosure, or communication 
under or pursuant to this Agreement is to be in writing. 

 
 
5 
1.2.9 The terms not defined in this agreement shall be given the same meaning 
as given to them in the RFP. If no such meaning is given technical words shall be 
understood in technical sense in accordance with the industry practices. 
 
1.3 
Commencement, Term & Change in Terms 
1.3.1 This 
Agreement 
shall 
be 
deemed 
to 
have 
commenced 
from 
______________(Effective Date) 
 
1.3.2 
This Agreement shall be in force for an initial period of one year and may be 
extended further for a period of one year at a time for up to three years at the sole 
discretion of the Bank, if the services provided by the Agency, are  found to be 
satisfactory. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the agreement may be terminated by 
either Party by notice in writing in accordance with the termination clauses of this 
Agreement. 
 
1.3.3 
Either party can propose changes to the scope, nature or time schedule of 
services being performed under this Service Level Agreement. Such changes can 
be made only upon mutually accepted terms & conditions maintaining the spirit 
(Purpose) of this Service Level Agreement. 
 
2. 
SCOPE OF WORK 
The scope of work is detailed in the Statement of Work annexed below as 
Annexure A (“Services”) and in the RFP.  
 
If Client requests Agency to provide services other than or in addition to the 
Services (“Additional Services”), the parties agree that the Additional Services 
may be subject to separate terms and conditions, including commercial terms. 
Where the Additional Services include programmatic trading services, such 
services shall be treated as services provided by an independent third party from 
Agency and the provision of such services shall be solely upon separate terms and 
conditions.  
Any Client Affiliate in the Territory may avail Services to from the Agency by 
entering into a Statement of Work. Each such Statement of Work will be governed 
by the terms of this Agreement and Client agrees to procure the adherence of each 

 
 
6 
such Affiliate to the terms of this Agreement and the performance of the Client 
Affiliate of its obligations under the applicable Statement of Work. Solely in relation 
to Services provided under a Statement of Work to any Client Affiliate, any 
references to Client in such Statement of Work shall be deemed to be a reference 
to the Client Affiliate. 
The Client acknowledges that the performance of Services shall be subject to the 
rules/guidelines as laid down by the industry bodies like Advertising Agencies 
Association of India (AAAI), Indian Broadcasting Federation (IBF), Indian Outdoor 
Advertising Association (IOAA), Indian Newspaper Society (INS), Prasar Bharati – 
Doordarshan (DD), Internet & Mobile Association of India (IAMAI), All India Radio 
(AIR) and the rules laid down by the Joint Working Committee of AAAI-IBF and 
AAAI-INS. 
 
3. COMPLIANCE   
 
3.1 Time shall be the essence of this Agreement. The agency shall therefore fully 
abide by various time limits as prescribed for different assignments and the 
performance of the agency shall be judged as per the adherence to such quality 
and time parameters as laid down for the respective work. The agency shall align 
its team as per the working days/time of the client and as and when required in 
case of exigency of the work. 
 
3.2 The agency will also be responsible to provide innovative ideas/concepts which 
can be executed as per requirements of the bank. 
 
3.3 Correction of Deficiencies in Deliverables (as mentioned in Annexure-A). 
If Service provider is unable to correct all Deficiencies preventing Acceptance of 
a Deliverable for which Service provider is responsible after a reasonable number 
of repeated efforts, the Bank may at its discretion: 
      a) Allow Service provider to continue its efforts to make corrections; or 
b) Accept the Deliverable with its Deficiencies and reach agreement with 
Service provider on an equitable reduction to Service provider’s Charges 
for developing such Deliverable to reflect the uncorrected Deficiencies; 
or 
c) Terminate this Agreement for cause in accordance with Clause 16
 except 
that the Bank is under no obligation to provide Service provider any 

 
 
7 
further opportunity to cure and recover its damages as set forth in this 
agreement. 
Client may request Agency to cancel or amend any creatives , campaign 
schedules or work in progress forming part of the Services.  
 
3.4  Risk Management 
 
The Service Provider shall identify and document the risk in delivering the services. 
Service Provider shall identify the methodology to monitor and prevent the risk, 
and shall also document the steps taken to manage the impact of the risks. 
 
3.5 Service Request 
Service Provider shall dispense the service request in accordance with terms 
mentioned in Annexure B (TAT Chart) under this agreement. 
 
 
3.6  Service Management Tool 
List the tools/applications to be used for service support/service delivery 
processes, if any, this may also include the customer tools/ applications to be used 
for provision of service support/service delivery. 
_______________________ 
 
_______________________ 
 
3.7 Service Complaints 
The service complaint shall be addressed as enclosed in Annexure C. 
The complaint shall be acknowledged by the Service Provider in 24 Working Hours. 
In case of re-occurrence of the service complaint, the outlined actions in clause 24 
will be triggered 
 
Service Provider shall be solely liable & responsible for compliance of applicable 
Labour Laws in respect of its employee, agents, representatives and sub-Contractors 
(if allowed) and in particular laws relating to terminal benefits such as Pension, 
Gratuity, Provident Fund, Bonus or other benefits to which they may be entitled and 
the laws relating to Contract Labour, Minimum Wages, etc., and the Bank shall have 
no liability in these regards. Further, the Service Provider would indemnify/make good 
for the losses to the Bank for non-compliance or any claims against the Bank arising 
out of any non-compliance as above. 
 
 
 
 

 
 
8 
4. Retainership Fees 
The agency will be paid retainership fees at the end of every month. All the 
payments shall be subject to deduction of deduction of TDS/any other statutory 
levies as applicable. 
 
The Bank has the sole discretion to pay only for the services they undertake and 
may choose to discontinue services for any one or all jobs listed in the scope of 
work. However, this clause shall not apply to those Services that have already been 
rendered by the Service Provider and payments for the same must be duly made 
by the Bank based on the agreed timelines, terms and conditions detailed under 
this Agreement. 
4.1 All duties and taxes, if any, which may be levied, shall be borne by the 
Service Provider and Bank shall not be liable for the same. All expenses, stamp 
duty and other charges/expenses in connection with execution of this 
Agreement shall be borne by Service Provider. 
4.2 Service Provider shall provide a clear description quantifying the service 
element and goods element in the invoices generated by them. 
4.3 Payments: The Bank will pay properly submitted valid invoices within 
reasonable period but not exceeding 60 days after its receipt thereof. If the 
Bank defaults and/or delays in making timely payments towards invoices raised 
by the Agency for a consecutive period of 3 months, the Agency has the right 
to pause the campaigns without any prior notice. All payments shall be made 
in Indian Rupees 
4.4 The Agency will submit the invoices complete in all respects, on the last 
working day of every month for necessary payment of the commission/agency 
fee. The invoice should be supported with the list of work initiated /complete 
during the month. There will be no additional remuneration towards the delayed 
payments.  
4.4.1 The Agency will submit all supporting documents and bills as well 
as copies of the supplier bills where relevant.   
4.4.2 A reconciliation sheet pertaining to the bills will be submitted every 
month as well as all necessary supporting documents for which the bills 
are submitted. The Tax component shall be payable as applicable and as 
per actuals. 

 
 
9 
4.4.3 The Bank may withhold payment of any charges that it disputes in 
good faith and may set-off penalty amount and any other amount which 
Service provider owes the Bank against charges payable to Service 
 
provider under this Agreement post consultation with the Service 
Provider and as mutually agreed between the Parties. 
 
5. 
Performance Guarantee and Penalties 
 
5.1 
The Service Provider shall furnish a performance guarantee for an 
amount   of INR. 20,00,000/- (Twenty Lakh Only) from a Scheduled Commercial 
Bank other than State Bank of India in a format provided/ approved by the Bank. 
 
5.2 
If at any time during performance of the Contract, the Service Provider 
shall encounter unexpected conditions impeding timely completion of the 
Services under the Agreement and performance of the services, the Service 
Provider shall promptly notify the Bank in writing of the fact of the delay, its likely 
duration and its cause(s). As soon as practicable, after  receipt of the Service 
Provider’s notice, the Bank shall evaluate the situation and may at its discretion 
extend the Service Provider’s time for performance, in which case the extension 
shall be ratified by the Parties by amendment of the Agreement. 
 
5.3 
Performance of the obligations under the Agreement shall be made by 
the Service Provider in accordance with the time schedule specified in this 
Agreement. 
 
5.4 
The Service Provider shall be liable to pay penalty as per Clause 24 and 
the mutually agreed TAT sheet (annexed hereto and as updated from time to 
time).in respect of any delay beyond the permitted period in providing the 
Services and which are solely attributable to the Service Provider. No penalty 
shall be levied in case of delay(s) in deliverables or performance of the contract 
for the reasons not attributable to the Service Provider.  
 
 
 

 
 
10 
6. 
LIABILITIES/OBLIGATION 
 
6.1 The Bank’s Duties /Responsibility  
(i) 
Processing and Authorizing invoices 
(ii) Providing Brand Guidelines 
(iii) Approving creatives for online and offline media  etc.  
(iv) Client Materials, Data and all information supplied to Agency in relation to 
Client’s products and services before and during the Term will be true, accurate, 
complete, up-to-date and not misleading. 
 
Without prejudice to Client’s responsibility and Agency’s other rights and remedies, 
Agency and clients are to advise each other if, any one is of the opinion, that such 
action may result in violation of any applicable law, regulation, guideline or code of 
practice. 
 
6.2 Service Provider Duties 
(i) Service Delivery responsibilities 
(a) To adhere to the service levels documented in this Agreement and the attached 
SOW.  
(b) Abide by all reasonable directives issued by the Bank, including those set forth 
in the Bank’s then-current standards, policies and procedures (to the extent 
applicable), all on- site rules of behavior, work schedules, security procedures and 
other standards, policies and procedures as established by the Bank from time to 
time. 
(ii) Security Responsibility 
(a) To maintain the confidentiality of the Bank's resources and other intellectual 
property rights.

 
 
11 
7. 
REPRESENTATIONS & WARRANTIES 
 
7.1 Service Provider shall assume responsibility under all applicable including, 
Labour Laws for its employees, and also hold the Bank harmless from any direct and 
actual loss, expense, damage or personal injury, death and any claim for payment 
of compensation of its employees, salary, retirement benefits, or any other benefits   
asserted   by   an employee  of the Service Provider, and/or any claim arising out 
of alleged infringement of intellectual property rights or other proprietary right of any 
third party arising out of ‘Service Provider’s performance of Services hereunder. 
 
7.2 Each party represents and warrants that it has all requisite power and 
authorization to enter into and perform this Agreement and that nothing contained 
herein or required in the performance hereof conflict or will conflict with or give rise 
to a breach or default under, or permit any person or entity to terminate, any contract 
or instrument to which the party is bound. 
 
7.3 Service Provider warrants the Bank against any license or IPR violations on its 
part or on the part of subcontractor, wherever permitted, in use of any technology 
/software /product for performing services or developing software for the Bank as 
part of this Agreement. 
 
7.4 The Service Provider shall perform the Services and carry out its obligations 
under the Agreement with due diligence, efficiency and economy, in accordance with 
generally accepted techniques and practices used in the industry and with 
professional standards recognized by international professional bodies and shall 
observe sound management practices. It shall employ appropriate advanced 
technology and safe and effective equipment, machinery, material and methods. 
 
7.5 The Service Provide has the requisite technical and other competence, sufficient, 
suitable, qualified and experienced manpower/personnel and expertise in providing 
the Services to the Bank. 
 
7.6 The Service Provider shall duly intimate to the Bank immediately, the changes, 
if any in the constitution of the Service Provider.  

 
 
12 
 
7.7 The   Services   and   products   provided   by   the Service Provider to the Bank 
do not violate or infringe any patent, copyright, trademarks, trade secrets or other 
intellectual property rights of any third party. 
 
7.8 The Service Provider shall ensure that all persons, employees, workers and 
other individuals engaged by or sub-contracted by the Service Provider in rendering 
the Services under this Agreement have undergone proper background check, 
police verification and other necessary due diligence checks to examine their 
antecedence and ensure their suitability for such engagement. No person shall be 
engaged by the Service Provider unless such person is found to be suitable in such 
verification and the Service Provider shall retain the records of such verification and 
shall produce the same to the Bank as when requested. 
 
8. 
GENERAL INDEMNITY 
8.1 Service provider agrees and hereby keeps the Bank indemnified against all 
direct and actual claims, actions, loss, damages, costs, expenses, charges, including 
reasonable legal expenses (Attorney, Advocates fees included) which the Bank may 
suffer or incur directly on account of any misuse of data /information or deficiency in 
Services or breach on any obligations mentioned in clause 6 herein, including without 
limitation of confidentiality obligations, from any acts of Commission / omission on 
the part of employees, agents, representatives or    Sub-Contractors    of  Service   
Provider. 
 
8.2 Service provider further undertakes to promptly notify the bank in writing any 
breach of obligation of the agreement by its employees or representatives including 
confidentiality obligation and in such an event, the Bank will in addition to and without 
prejudice to any other available remedies be entitled to immediate equitable relief in 
a Court of competent jurisdiction to protect its interest including injunctive relief. 
 
8.3 The Service provider shall indemnify and keep fully and effectively indemnified 
the Bank against any fine or penalty levied on the Bank for improper payment of tax 
for the reasons solely attributable to the Service provider. 
 

 
 
13 
8.4 The Service provider hereby undertakes the responsibility to take all possible 
measures, at no cost, to avoid or rectify any issues which thereby results in non-
performance of software within reasonable time. The Bank shall report as far as 
possible all material defects to the Service provider without undue delay. The Service 
provider also undertakes to co-operate with other service providers thereby ensuring 
expected performance covered under scope of work. 
 
8.5 Nothing contained in this agreement shall impair the Bank’s right to claim 
damages without any limitation for an amount equal to the loss suffered for non-
performance of software. 
 
8.6 Client shall indemnify and hold harmless Agency from and against any and all 
costs, expenses, charges, damages, liabilities, claims or actions of any kind which 
may be incurred, suffered, brought or threatened against Agency arising out of (and 
only to the extent of) a breach by Client of its representations and warranties under 
this Agreement or and/or for breach of applicable laws or due to non-payment of 
amounts payable to any third parties for the Services which were pre-approved by 
the Client. 
 
The party entitled to an indemnity under this Agreement shall take all reasonable 
steps to mitigate the applicable costs, expenses, charges, damages, liabilities, 
claims or actions. 
 
9. 
CONTINGENCY PLANS. 
The Service provider shall arrange and ensure proper Data Recovery Mechanism, 
Attrition Plan and other contingency plans to meet any unexpected obstruction to 
the service provider or any employees or sub-contractors of the service provider 
in rendering the Services or any part of the same under this Agreement to the 
Bank. The Service Provider at Bank’s discretion shall co- operate with the bank in 
case on any contingency. 
 
10. 
TRANSITION REQUIREMENT 
In the event of failure of the Service Provider to render the Services or in the event 
of termination of agreement or expiry of term or otherwise, without prejudice to any 

 
 
14 
other right, the Bank at its sole discretion may make alternate arrangement for 
getting the Services contracted with another vendor. In such case, the Bank shall 
give prior notice to the existing Service Provider. The existing Service Provider 
shall continue to provide services as per the terms of contract until a ‘New Service 
Provider’ completely takes over the work. During the transition phase, the existing 
Service Provider shall render all reasonable assistance to the new Service 
Provider within such period prescribed by the Bank, at a cost as mutually agreed 
between the Parties in writing, for ensuring smooth switch over and continuity of 
services. The Bank may also require the Service Provider to enter into a Transition 
& Knowledge Transfer Agreement. 
 
11. 
RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE PARTIES 
a. It is specifically agreed that the Service Provider shall act as independent 
service provider and shall not be deemed to be the Agent of the Bank except 
in respect of the transactions/services which give rise to Principal – Agent 
relationship by express agreement between the Parties. 
b. Neither the Service Provider nor its employees, agents, representatives, Sub-
Contractors shall hold out or represent as agents of the Bank. 
c. None of the employees, representatives or agents of Service Provider shall 
be entitled to claim any absorption or any other claim or benefit against the 
Bank. 
d. This Agreement shall not be construed as joint venture. Each Party shall be 
responsible for all its obligations towards its respective employees. No 
employee of any of the two Parties shall claim to be employee of other Party. 
e. All the obligations towards the employees of a Party including that on account 
of personal accidents occurred while working in the premises of the other 
Party shall be with the respective employer and not on the Party in whose 
premises the accident occurred. 
f. For redressal of complaints of sexual harassment at workplace, Parties agree 
to comply with the policy framed by the Bank (including any amendment 
thereto) in pursuant to the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace 
(Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 including any amendment 
thereto 
 

 
 
15 
 
12. SUB CONTRACTING 
 
12.1 Service provider has to obtain written permission from the Bank before 
contracting any work to subcontractors. Bank at its own discretion may permit or 
deny the same. 
 
12.2 Even in cases wherein subcontracting has been permitted by the Bank, Service 
Provider shall continue to be responsible for all the services provided to the Bank 
regardless of which entity is conducting the operations. Service Provider is also 
responsible 
for 
ensuring 
that 
the 
sub-contractor 
comply 
with 
all 
security/confidentiality requirements and other terms and conditions as applicable 
to Service provider mentioned in this Agreement. Bank reserves the right to conduct 
independent audit in this regard, by appointing a third party independent external 
auditor at its own cost, with prior written notice to the Service Provider. 
 
12.3 Before engaging Sub-Contractor, the Service Provider shall carry out due 
diligence process on sub-contracting/ sub-contractor to the satisfaction of the Bank 
and Bank shall have access to such records. 
 
12.4 In the event of sub-contracting the Service Provider shall ensure that suitable 
documents including confidentiality agreement are obtained   from   the   sub-
contractor   and   the Service Provider shall ensure that the secrecy and faith of 
Bank’s data / processes is maintained. 
 
12.5 Service Provider shall provide subcontracting details to the Bank and if 
required, Bank may evaluate the same. Notwithstanding approval of the Bank for 
sub-contracting, the Service Provider shall remain liable to the Bank for all 
acts/omissions of sub- contractors. 
 
12.6 
The Bank reserves the right to ask Service Provider and Service provider 
shall change/ amend the clause(s), as mutually agreed between the Parties, entered 
between Service Provider and Subcontractor for Bank’s suitability. 
 
12.7 No subcontracting/purchases is permitted from the selected agency’s group 
companies/subsidiaries. 
 
 
 

 
 
16 
13. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS 
 
13.1 For any technology / software / product developed/used/supplied by Service 
provider for performing services or developing software for the Bank as part of this 
Agreement, service provider shall have right to use as well right to license for the 
outsourced services or third party software development. Any license or IPR 
violation on the part of Service provider shall not put the Bank at risk. 
 
13.2 Without the Bank’s prior written approval, Service provider will not use or 
incorporate in performing the Services link to or call or depend in any way upon, any 
software or other intellectual property that is subject to an Open Source or Copy 
right license or any other agreement that may give rise to any third-party claims or 
to limit the Bank’s rights under this Agreement. 
 
13.3 Service provide shall, at their own expenses without any limitation, defend and 
indemnify the Bank against all third party claims or infringement of Intellectual 
Property Right, including Patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret or industrial 
design rights arising from use of the technology / software / products or any part 
thereof in India or abroad, for software developed as part of this engagement. In 
case of violation/ infringement of patent/ trademark/ copyright/ trade secret or 
industrial design, Service provider shall, after due inspection and testing, get the 
solution redesigned for the Bank at no extra cost. 
 
13.4 
Service provider shall expeditiously extinguish any such claims and shall 
have full rights to defend it there from. 
13.5 The Bank will give notice to Service provider of any such claim without 
delay/provide reasonable assistance to Service provider in disposing of the claim 
and will at no time admit to any liability for or express any intent to settle the claim. 
 
13.6 Service provider hereby grants the Bank a fully paid-up, irrevocable, non-
exclusive license throughout the territory of India or abroad to access, replicate, 
modify and use software developed including its upgraded versions available during 
the    term  of  this  agreement  by service provider as part of this engagement, 
including all inventions, designs and trademarks embodied therein perpetually 
 
14. INSPECTION AND AUDIT 
 
14.1 The Bank has the right after providing advance notice of 15 days to inspect, 
and test the infrastructure, software, and procedures being followed which inter- alia 

 
 
17 
cover security aspect of the service provider for this engagement at any time, by 
appointing a third party independent external auditor or its own staff at its own cost.  
 
14.2 The Bank may conduct audit of the Service Provider’s records by appointing 
third party or Bank staff for any or all campaigns both media and commercial during 
normal business hours only related to the Services covered under this Agreement. 
Should any discrepancies or fraud be established as an outcome of this audit, SBI 
will have all the right to this audit, SBI will have all rights to claim all monthly 
retainership paid from beginning and pursue legal action. 
 
14.3 Service provider shall, whenever required by the Bank, furnish all relevant 
information, records/data to such Bank’s appointed auditors and/or inspecting 
officials of the Bank/Reserve Bank of India and or any regulatory authority. The Bank 
reserves the right to call and/or retain for any relevant material information / reports 
including audit or review reports undertaken by the service provider (e.g., financial, 
internal control and security reviews) and findings made on Service provider in 
conjunction with the services provided to the Bank. 
 
14.4 Where any deficiency has been observed during audit of the service provider 
in its processing facilities and operating practices, the Service Provider shall 
correct/resolve the same at the earliest and shall provide all necessary documents 
related to resolution thereof and shall further certify in respect with resolution of the 
deficiencies. 
 
15. SECURITY AND CONFIDENTIALITY 
 
15.1 “Confidential Information” mean all information which is material to the 
business operations of either party or its affiliated companies, in any form including, 
but not limited to, proprietary information and trade secrets, whether or not 
protected under any patent, copy right or other intellectual property laws, in any 
oral, photographic or electronic form, whether contained on computer hard disks 
or floppy diskettes or otherwise without any limitation whatsoever. Without 
prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, the Confidential Information shall 
include all information  about the party and its customers, costing and technical 
data, studies, consultants reports, financial information, computer models and  
programs, software, contracts, drawings, blue prints, specifications, operating 
techniques, processes, models, diagrams, data sheets, reports and other 
information with respect to any of the foregoing matters. All and every information 
received by the parties and marked confidential hereto shall be assumed to be 
confidential information unless otherwise proved. It is further agreed that the 

 
 
18 
information relating to the Bank and its customers is deemed confidential whether 
marked confidential or not. All information relating to the accounts of the Bank’s 
customers shall be confidential information, whether labeled as such or otherwise. 
 
15.2 All information relating to the infrastructure and Applications (including 
designs and processes) shall be deemed to be Confidential Information whether 
labeled as such or not. Service provider personnel/resources responsible for the 
project are expected to take care that their representatives, where necessary, have 
executed a Non- Disclosure Agreement as per the format attached in the Annexure 
J of the RFP. 
 
15.3 Each party agrees that it will not disclose any Confidential Information 
received from the other to any third parties under any circumstances without the 
prior written consent of the other party unless such disclosure of Confidential 
Information is required by law, legal process or any order of any government 
authority. Service provider, in this connection, agrees to abide by the laws 
especially applicable to confidentiality of information relating to customers of Banks 
and the banks per-se, even when the disclosure is required under the law. In such 
event, the Party must notify the other Party that such disclosure has been made 
in accordance with law; legal process or order of a government authority. 
 
15.4 Each party, including its personnel, shall use the Confidential Information 
only for the purposes of achieving objectives set out in this Agreement. Use of the 
Confidential Information for any other purpose shall constitute breach of trust of the 
same. 
 
15.5 Each party may disclose the Confidential Information to its personnel solely 
for the purpose of undertaking work directly related to the Agreement. The extent 
of Confidential Information disclosed shall be strictly limited to what is necessary 
for those particular personnel to perform his/her duties in connection with the 
Agreement. Further each party shall ensure that each personnel representing the 
respective party agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. 
 
15.6 The non-disclosure obligations herein contained shall not be applicable only 
under the following circumstances: 
 
15.7 Where Confidential Information comes into the public domain during or after 
the date of this Agreement otherwise than by Disclosure by a Party in breach of 
the terms hereof. 
 

 
 
19 
15.8 Where any Confidential Information was disclosed after receiving the written 
consent of the other Party. 
15.8.1 Where if a Party is requested or required by law or by any Court or 
governmental agency or authority to disclose any of the confidential 
information, then that Party will provide the other party with prompt notice of 
such request or requirement prior to such disclosure. 
15.8.2 Where any Confidential Information was received by the Party from a 
third party which does not have any obligations of confidentiality to the other 
Party. 
 
15.9 Service provider shall abide with the Bank’s IT and IS policy in key concern 
areas relevant to the project as notified by the Bank from time to time. Specific 
requirements will be shared upfront before the start of the work. 
 
15.10 Service provider shall ensure to filter all phishing / spamming / overflow 
attacks in order to ensure availability and integrity on continuous basis Service 
provider shall also implement any enhanced solutions mandated by security 
requirements for any / all types of Software/ support. 
 
15.11 The security aspect of the solution/software will be comprehensively 
reviewed periodically by the Bank, and Service provider shall carryout 
modifications / updates based on the security review recommendations on case 
to case basis. 
 
15.12 The Service Provider shall not, without the Bank’s prior written consent, 
make use of any document or information received from the Bank except for 
purposes of performing the services and obligations under this Agreement. 
 
15.13 Any document received from the Bank shall remain the property of the 
Bank and shall be returned (in all copies) to the Bank on completion of the 
Service Provider’s performance under the Agreement. 
 
15.14 Upon expiration or termination of the Agreement and on all amounts as 
due and payable to Service provider under the Agreement having been received 
by service provider, all proprietary documents, software documentation, 
programs partially or wholly completed, or materials which are directly related to 
any project under the Agreement shall be delivered to the Bank or at the Bank’s 
written instruction destroyed, and no copies shall be retained by Service provider 
without the Bank’s written consent. 
 

 
 
20 
15.15 Service Provider agrees to indemnify and hereby keeps the Bank indemnified 
against all actions, claims, loss, damages, Costs, Charges, expenses (including 
Attorney / Advocate fees and legal expenses) which the Bank may suffer or incur 
on account of breach of confidentiality obligations as per this Agreement by 
Service Provider or its employees, agents, representatives, Sub-Contractors. 
Service Provider further agrees to make good the loss suffered by the Bank upon 
first demand by the Bank which shall be final, conclusive and binding on Service 
Provider. 
 
 
16. 
OWNERSHIP 
 
16.1 Service provider will provide /digital assets/creatives/videos developed 
specifically for the Bank, without any cost to the Bank, and it will be treated as 
the Property of the Bank, on full payment of the professional fees. 
 
16.2 Service provider agrees that the Bank owns the entire right, title and interest 
to any inventions, designs, discoveries, writings and works of authorship, 
including all intellectual property rights, copyrights. 
 
16.3 Any work made under this agreement shall be deemed to be ‘work made for 
hire’ under any Indian applicable copyright laws. 
 
17. 
TERMINATION FOR DEFAULT AND LIQUIDITATED DAMAGES 
 
17.1 
The Bank, without prejudice to any other remedy for breach of contract, shall 
have the right to terminate the contract in whole or part, if service provider, at any 
time, by giving a written notice of one month: 
i. fails to deliver any or all of the deliverables within the period(s) specified in 
this Agreement, or within any extension thereof granted by the Bank pursuant 
to conditions of Agreement or 
ii. if service provider fails to perform any other obligation(s) under the 
Agreement provided a cure period of not less than 30 days is given to service 
provider to rectify the defects or 
iii. Laxity in following security standards laid down by the Bank or 
iv. Excessive delay in execution of orders placed by the Bank or 
v. Discrepancies / deviations in the agreed processes and/or products or 
vi. Violation of terms & conditions stipulated in this Agreement 
 
17.2 
In the event the bank terminates the Agreement in whole or in part for the 
breaches attributable to the Service Provider, the bank may procure, upon such 

 
 
21 
terms and in such manner, as it deems appropriate, software or services 
similar 
to those undelivered. However, service provider in case of part termination, shall 
continue the performance of the Agreement to the extent not terminated. 
 
17.3 In the event of termination of the Agreement, service provider shall be 
entitled to receive payment for the Services rendered (delivered) up to the effective 
date of termination. 
 
17.4 The Bank may at any time terminate the Agreement without giving written 
notice to Service provider if Service provider becomes bankrupt or otherwise 
insolvent. In this event termination will be without compensation to Service 
provider, provided that such termination will not prejudice or affect any right of 
action or remedy, which has occurred or will accrue thereafter to the Bank on 
payment to the Service Provider for the services rendered. 
 
17.5 In the event of the termination of the Agreement Service Provider shall be liable 
and responsible to return to the Bank all records, documents, data and information 
including Confidential Information pertains to or relating to the Bank in its 
possession. 
 
17.6 In the event of termination of the Agreement for material breach by service 
provider, Bank shall have the right to give suitable publicity to the same including 
advising the Indian Bank’s Association. 
 
17.7 The Bank and the agency shall have the right to terminate the contract by way 
of issuing three months’ notice during the currency of the engagement without 
assigning any reason. 
 
17.8 
Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, all rights and obligations of 
the Parties hereunder shall cease, except such rights and obligations as may have 
accrued on the date of termination or expiration; the obligation of indemnity; 
obligation of payment; confidentiality obligation; Governing Law clause; Dispute 
resolution clause ; and any right which a Party may have under the Applicable Law. 
 
18 
DISPUTE REDRESSAL MECHANISM & GOVERNING LAW 
18.1 All disputes or differences whatsoever arising between the parties out of or 
in connection with this Agreement (including dispute concerning interpretation) 
or in discharge of any obligation arising out of the Agreement (whether during 
the progress of work or after completion of such work and whether before or 

 
 
22 
after the termination of this Agreement, abandonment or breach of this 
Agreement, shall be settled amicably. 
 
18.2 If the parties are not able to solve them amicably, either party shall give 
written notice to other party clearly setting out there in, specific dispute(s) and/or 
difference(s), and shall be referred to a sole arbitrator mutually agreed upon, 
and the award made in pursuance thereof shall be binding on the parties. 
 
18.3 In the absence of consensus about the single arbitrator, the dispute may be 
referred to an arbitration panel; one to be nominated by each party and the said 
arbitrators shall nominate a presiding arbitrator, before commencing the 
arbitration proceedings. The arbitration shall be settled in accordance with the 
applicable Indian Laws. 
 
18.4 Service provider shall continue work under the Agreement during the 
arbitration proceedings and the Bank shall make timely payments for the same, 
unless agreed otherwise in writing between the Parties or unless the matter is 
such that the work cannot possibly be continued until the decision of the 
arbitrator is obtained, or unless the same is so ordered by the 
arbitrator/arbitration panel, as the case may be. 
 
18.5 Arbitration proceeding shall be held at Mumbai, India, and the language of 
the arbitration proceedings and that of all documents and communications 
between the parties shall be in English. 
 
18.6 This Agreement shall be governed by laws in force in India. Subject to the 
arbitration clause above, all disputes arising out of or in relation to this 
Agreement, shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts at Mumbai 
only. 
 
18.7 In case of any change in applicable laws that has an effect on the terms of 
this Agreement, the Parties agree that the Agreement may be reviewed, and if 
deemed necessary by the Parties, make necessary amendments to the 
Agreement by mutual agreement in good faith, in case of disagreement 
obligations mentioned in this clause shall be observed. 
 
19 
POWERS TO VARY OR OMIT WORK 
 
19.1 No alterations, amendments, omissions, additions, suspensions or 
variations of the work (hereinafter referred to as variation) under the Agreement 

 
 
23 
shall be made by Service provider except as directed in writing by Bank. The 
Bank shall have full powers, subject to the provision herein after contained, from 
time to time during the execution of the Agreement, by notice in writing to instruct 
Service provider to make any variation without prejudice to the Agreement. 
Service provider shall carry out such variations and be bound by the same 
conditions, though the said variations occurred in the Agreement documents. If 
any suggested variations would, in the opinion of Service provider, if carried out, 
prevent them from fulfilling any of their obligations under the Agreement, they 
shall notify the Bank, thereof, in writing with reasons for holding such opinion 
and Bank shall instruct Service provider to make such other modified variation   
without prejudice to   the   Agreement. Service provider shall carry out such variations 
and be bound by the same conditions, though the said variations occurred in the 
Agreement documents.   If   Bank   confirms   their   instructions Service provider’s 
obligations will be modified to such an extent as may be mutually agreed. If such 
variation is substantial and involves considerable extra cost, any agreed difference in 
cost occasioned by such variation shall be mutually agreed between the parties. In any 
case in which Service provider has received instructions from the Bank as to the 
requirement of carrying out the altered or additional substituted work, which either then 
or later on, will in the opinion of Service provider, involve a claim for additional 
payments, such additional payments shall be mutually agreed in line with the terms and 
conditions of the order. 
 
19.2 
If any change in the work is likely to result in reduction in cost, the parties 
shall agree in writing so as to the extent of reduction in payment to be made   to  
Service Provider, before Service Provider proceeding with the change. 
 
20 
NO WAIVER OF BANK RIGHTS OR SERVICE PROVIDER’S LIABILITY 
No delay, failure or omission (in whole or in part) in exercising or pursuing any 
right or remedy under this Agreement will be construed as a waiver of that right 
or remedy. 
 
21 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
 
21.1 For breach of any obligation mentioned in this agreement, in no event shall 
the Service Provider be held liable for damages to the Bank arising under or in 
connection with this agreement for an amount exceeding the total cost of the 
project. 
 
21.2 Service provider will ensure Bank’s data confidentiality and shall be 
responsible for liability arising in case of breach of any kind of security and/or 

 
 
24 
leakage of confidential customer/Bank’s related information to the extent of loss 
so caused and solely attributable to the Service Provider. 
 
21.3 The limitations set forth in Clauses 21.1 shall not apply with respect to: 
 Damage(s) occasioned by the gross negligence or wilful misconduct 
of Service Provider, 
 Loss/Damages suffered by the Bank due to Non-Compliance of 
Statutory or Regulatory Guidelines by Service Provider. 
 When a dispute is settled by the Court of Law in India. 
 
21.4 Nothing in this Agreement seeks to limit or exclude liability for death or 
personal injury caused by negligence, for fraud or for any other type of liability 
that cannot be limited or excluded under applicable laws. 
 
21.5 To the maximum extent permitted by law, neither party shall be liable to the 
other for any: 
 
Loss of actual or anticipated income; 
 
Loss of actual or anticipated profits; 
 
Loss of contracts; or 
 
Special, indirect or consequential loss or damage of any kind,  
howsoever arising in connection with this Agreement, whether in 
contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, breach 
of data privacy laws and including under the indemnity obligations 
under this Agreement. 
 
21.6 Nothing in this Agreement shall exclude or limit either Party’s liability for 
claims for payments due but unpaid. 
 
22 FORCE MAJEURE 
 
22.1  Any failure or delay by either parties in performance of its obligation, to the 
extent due to any failure or delay caused by fire, flood, earthquake or 
similar elements of nature, or act of God, war, terrorism, riots, civil 
disorders, rebellions or revolutions, acts of government authorities, 
pandemic or other events beyond the reasonable control of non-performing 
Party shall not be deemed as default. 
 
22.2 If Force Majeure situation arises, the non-performing party shall promptly 
notify within 15 days (Term, in days) to the other party in writing of such 

 
 
25 
conditions and the cause(s) thereof. Unless otherwise agreed in writing, 
the non-performing party shall continue to perform its obligations under the 
Agreement as far as is reasonably practical, and shall seek all reasonable 
alternative means for performance not prevented by the Force Majeure 
event. 
 
22.3 If the Force Majeure situation continues beyond 30 days, the either parties 
shall have the right to terminate the Agreement by giving a notice to the 
other party. Neither party shall have any penal liability to the other in 
respect of the termination of this Contract as a result of an event of Force 
Majeure. However, Service Provider shall be entitled to receive payments 
for all services actually rendered up to the date of the termination of this 
Agreement. 

 
 
26 
 
23 NOTICES 
 
23.1 Any notice or other communication under this Agreement given by either 
party to the other party shall be deemed properly given if in writing and; 
i. When hand delivered during normal business hours of the recipient, 
acknowledgment taken. 
ii. If transmitted by facsimile during normal business hours of the recipient; 
proof of delivery taken. A copy sent by registered mail/ first class courier, 
return receipt requested shall follow all fax notices, to any Fax number of 
Service provider’s office at Mumbai, or any other place advised by Service 
provider to the Bank from time to time. 
iii. If mailed by registered mail/ first class courier, return receipt requested, 
within five working days of posting, properly addressed and stamped with the 
required postage, to the intended recipient at its address specified below its 
signature at the end of this Agreement. 
 
23.2 The Addresses for Communications to the parties are as under. 
(a) In the case of the Bank 
 
General Manager 
(CC&M) 
Marketing and Communication Dept. 
9th Floor State Bank Bhavan 
Madame Cama Road 
Nariman Point 
Mumbai-400021 
 
(b) 
In case of service provider 
          ________________ 
          ________________ 
          ________________ 
          ________________ 
 
23.3 In case there is any change in the address of one party, it shall be 
communicated in writing to the other party with in 3 (days). 
 
 
 

 
 
 27 
24 PENALTY CLAUSE 
24.1 Month on month delivery of the solution and performance of the services 
made by the Service Provider shall be in accordance with the time schedule, 
technical specification, scope of the project, achievement of at least 90% 
deliverables 
of 
campaign, 
publishing 
FLR, 
publishing 
authorized 
content/creatives and other terms & conditions as specified in the Contract and 
the attached SOW, TAT sheet (Annexure B). Any instances in failure of 
performing the obligation or defect, solely attributable to any act/omission by 
the Service Provider, in its performance may result in deduction from the 
retainership fee of that particular job list/month (as more particularly defined in 
Clause 3.1 of the Agreement) , as penalty which a sum equivalent to 2% of the 
payable agency commission/fees for that particular Job list/month  or part 
thereof, maximum up to 10% of the agency commission/ fee for the particular 
job list/month. For avoidance of doubt, it is hereby clarified that this clause does 
not apply to any third-party payments including but not limited to media spends, 
made by the Service Provider to third parties on behalf of the Bank and no 
penalty shall be levied on such amount. 
 
24.2 The Bank shall, without prejudice to its other remedies under the contract 
invoke the Performance Bank Guarantee which the Service Provider has 
furnished in favor of the Bank. Once the maximum is reached, SBI may 
consider termination of Contract pursuant to the conditions of contract and 
amicable discussion with the Service Provider. 
 
24.3 In the event SBI terminates the Contract in whole or in part, SBI may 
procure, upon such terms and in such manner, as it deems appropriate, 
services similar to those not delivered by the Service Provider. However, the 
Service Provider shall continue the performance of the contract to the extent 
not terminated. 
 
25 CONFLICT OF INTEREST 
25.1 Service Provider shall not receive any remuneration in connection with the 
assignment except as provided in the Contract.  
25.2 Service Provider shall provide professional, objective and impartial advice and 
at all times hold the Bank’s interests paramount, strictly avoiding conflicts with 
other assignment(s)/job(s) or their own corporate interests, and act without any 
expectation/ consideration for award of any future assignment(s) from the 
Bank. Service Provider shall avoid any conflict of interest while discharging 

 
 
 28 
contractual obligations and bring, before-hand, any possible instance of 
conflict of interest to the knowledge of the Bank, while rendering Services 
under the Agreement. 
25.3 
Service Provider further undertakes to promptly notify the bank in writing any 
breach of obligation of the agreement by its employees or representatives 
including confidentiality obligation and in such an event, the Bank will in 
addition to and without prejudice to any other available remedies be entitled to 
immediate equitable relief in a Court of competent jurisdiction to protect its 
interest including injunctive relief. 
25.4 
The Service Provider shall be directly and vicariously liable to indemnify the 
Bank in case of any misuse of data/information of the Bank by the Service 
Provider, deliberate or otherwise. 
 
25.5 
The Service Provider shall indemnify and keep fully and effectively 
indemnified the Bank against all costs, claims, damages, demands, expenses 
and liabilities of whatsoever nature arising out of or in connection with all 
claims of infringement of trade mark, patent, copyright, industrial design or any 
other intellectual property rights of any third party arising from the Services or 
use of software or any other product under this Agreement 
 
26 GENERAL TERMS & CONDITIONS 
 
26.1 
PUBLICITY: Service provider may make a reference of the services 
rendered to the Bank covered under this Agreement on Service provider’s Web 
Site or in their sales presentations, promotional materials, business plans or 
news releases etc., only after prior written approval from the Bank. 
 
26.2 
SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS: This Agreement shall bind and inure to 
the benefit of the parties, and their respective successors and permitted 
assigns. 
 
26.3 
NON-HIRE AND NON-SOLICITATION: During the term of this 
Agreement and for a period of one year thereafter, neither party shall (either 
directly or indirectly through a third party) employ, solicit to employ, cause to 
be solicited for the purpose of employment or offer employment to any 
employee/s or sub-contractor/s of the other party, or aid any third person to do 
so, without the specific written consent of the other party. However nothing in 

 
 
 29 
this clause shall affect the Bank’s regular recruitments as per its recruitment 
policy and not targeted to the employees of Service provider. 
 
26.4 
SEVERABILITY: The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of 
this Agreement shall not in any way effect, impair or render unenforceable this 
Agreement or any other provision contained herein, which shall remain in full 
force and effect. 
 
26.5 MODIFICATION: This Agreement may not be modified or amended 
except in writing signed by duly authorized representatives of each party with 
express mention thereto of this Agreement. 
 
26.6 
ENTIRE AGREEMENT: This Agreement, including all Work orders, 
Exhibits, Annexures,  RFP and other documents or communications 
incorporated herein, represents the entire agreement for the services of 
between the parties and supplements all prior negotiations, understandings 
and agreements, written or oral, relating to the subject matter herein. 
 
26.7 
PRIVITY: Neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof is intended 
to confer upon any person/s other than the Parties to this Agreement any rights 
or remedies hereunder. 
 
26.8 
EFFECTIVE DATE: This Agreement shall be effective from the date 
mentioned at the beginning of this Agreement. 
 
26.9 
DUE AUTHORISATION: Each of the undersigned hereby represents to 
the other that she/ he is authorized to enter into this Agreement and bind the 
respective parties to this Agreement. 
 
26.10 COUNTERPART: This Agreement is executed in duplicate and each 
copy is treated as original for all legal purposes. 
 
26.11 The agency will provide all creative and publicity & promotional material 
in necessary formats as would be required and conveyed by the Bank. 
 
26.12 
The agency will be responsible for copy right issues concerning 
usage of images, footage, text material, etc. obtained through various sources. 
SBI will not be a party to any disputes arising out of copyright violation by the 

 
 
 30 
agency, unless the images or creatives are provided by the Bank to the 
Agency. 
 
26.13 
The agency will be responsible for obtaining any permission that may 
be required for undertaking work as detailed in this Agreement and the 
attached SOW. SBI may assist the agency in this regard, wherever possible. 
 
26.14 
The agency will at no time resort to plagiarism. ‘SBI’ will not be a party 
to any dispute arising on account of plagiarism resorted to by the agency, 
unless the content is provided to the Agency by the Bank. 
 
26.15 
Fee/commission for executing various ads/campaigns/contests 
would be a part of agency commission. However, cost of media buying/image 
purchase, etc. including Taxes/GST will be borne by SBI subject to prior 
approval. 
 
26.16 
DATA PROTECTION 
To the extent that one party (“Data Supplier”) passes to the other party 
(“Data Receiver”) any Personal Information or Sensitive Personal 
Information (as defined in the IT Act 2000) pursuant to this Agreement: 
 
The Data Supplier represents and warrants that: 
 it has notified the individuals of the circumstances and purposes of 
collection or has obtained such permissions and consents required to 
enable both parties to use, disclose or transfer such Personal Information 
or Sensitive Personal Information including disclosure and transfers to third 
parties as required to provide the Services and transfers to territories 
outside of the Territory in connection with the Services and any other 
purposes as stipulated in this Agreement; and 
 if the Data Supplier receives any requests as described in clause below 
which may be relevant to the Data Receiver, it shall notify the Data 
Receiver of any such requests in a timely manner and must ensure its 
websites include adequate privacy policies at all times. 
 
The Data Receiver agrees that it shall: 
 Process the Personal Information in accordance with Data Supplier’s 
reasonable instructions. 
 Provide reasonable assistance to Data Supplier to respond to a data 
subject’s request to correct an error or omission in Personal Information or 

 
 
 31 
to withdraw consent to the collection, use or disclosure of Personal 
Information under this Agreement. 
 Take all appropriate steps to implement and maintain reasonable security 
arrangements for the protection of Personal Information in accordance with 
the IT Act 2000. 
 
26.17 
ANTI-BRIBERY 
Each party warrants and undertakes that:  
 It will comply with all applicable laws, statutes, regulations and codes 
relating to anti-bribery and anti-corruption including but not limited to the 
Prevention of Corruption Act 1988 of India (“Relevant Requirements”); and 
 It has and shall maintain in place throughout the Term all policies and 
procedures necessary to ensure compliance with the Relevant 
Requirements. 
 
26.18 
RFP Terms: Notwithstanding anything contrary provided in this 
agreement, all the terms and conditions and obligations to be complied with 
and discharged by the agency in terms of the RFP no CC/M&C/2020-21/06 
dated 17.02.2021 shall be binding upon the agency as if such terms and 
conditions and obligation constitute an integral part of this agreement. Any 
default or breach of those terms and conditions by the agency will be 
constituted as a default breach of this agreement by the agency. In the event 
of any conflict or inconsistency between this Agreement and the RFP, the 
terms of RFP shall prevail. 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be 
executed by their duly authorized representatives as of the date and day first 
mentioned above. 
 
 
State Bank of India                                                       (Service Provider)                                   
 
 
By: 
 By: 
Name:  
  
 
Name: 
Designation:  
  
 
Designation: 
Date:  
  
 
Date: 

 
 
 32 
  ANNEXURE A 
 
 
SERVICE PROVIDER’S SCOPE OF WORK 
  
This Statement of Work (“SOW”) dated the last date of signature below, is made 
pursuant to and is governed by the Services Level Agreement  dated: 
_____________________, effective from …….. (“SLA”) entered between State 
Bank of India (“Client”) and _____________________ (“Agency”).   
The parties hereby agree as follows: 
1. 
Effect of SOW 
 
1.1 
Client wishes to obtain and Agency has agreed to provide the Services as 
described in this SOW in accordance with the terms of the SLA/PFP. 
1.2 
Any conflict between the terms and conditions of this SOW and the terms of 
the SLA and RFP shall be dealt with in accordance with the clauses of the SLA & 
RFP, subject to any express written statement in this SOW that states that a part 
of this SOW prevails over the SLA’s Terms and Conditions.  
1.3 
Unless the context requires otherwise, capitalized terms undefined in this 
SOW will have the meaning given to them in the SLA/RFP. 
 
2. 
Services and Deliverables  
 
Sl.NO 
Particulars  
Job description 
1 
Content 
creations for all 
mediums    
 
To design comprehensive content for all traditional media (TV, 
Print, Radio, Outdoor, Cinema) & Digital media (OTT, 
emailers, interactive banners etc.). 
2 
Scripting 
& 
Verification 
of 
content 
for 
Audio / Video 
creatives 
  
a. Scripting & Verification of content for Audio / Video 
creatives. 
b. Monitoring & quality check of these creatives.  

 
 
 33 
3. 
Brand 
Enhancements 
 
a. Visual identity harmonization of all product in lines with SBI 
brand guidelines.  
b. Establish the brand story/ positioning / language / message 
/ tone / promise /identity / Mogo that will be common across 
campaigns, both internal & external to the organization.   
c. Using semiotic approach for the brands through brand 
communications and formulating creative propositions for 
all mediums. 
4. 
Content 
Translation into 
Regional 
languages, 
Vetting 
& 
Adaptations.  
 
a. Translation of creatives into various Regional languages 
i.e., Hindi, English, Tamil, Malayalam, Telegu, Kannada, 
Bengali, Assamese, Gujarati, Marathi, Punjabi, Urdu, Odia 
and any other local Indian languages. 
b. Vetting of such translated content. 
c. Adaptation of creative content across all communication 
channels.  
5. 
       Internal 
Communication 
Planning and designing Calendars, Cover designs, Booklets, 
Hand-outs, Annual & Quarterly Bank results, Balance sheet, 
Newsletters & Presentations. 
6. 
Analysis 
of 
content 
creation trends 
in the market 
The agency will provide latest advertisement format prevailing 
in the market. Staying one step ahead of competition by 
researching current market trends. 
 
7. 
Collaboration 
with 
other 
Agency 
partners 
Collaborate with other agency partners to conceptualize and 
implement the campaigns. Develop creatives for release of 
advertisements across major Indian languages i.e. Hindi, 
English, Tamil, Malayalam, Telegu, Kannada, Bengali, 
Assamese, Gujarati, Marathi, Punjabi, Urdu, Odia and any 
other local Indian languages as per the requirements of SBI 
from time to time. 
8 
Copy 
Writing 
Services  
Copywriting of the content to be hosted on Bank‘s corporate 
website along with content creation for offline & online 
marketing channels. 
9 
Reports 
and 
MIS 
Agency to submit regular MIS reports on Job status on periodic 
frequency. 

 
 
 34 
3. 
Term of SOW 
Start date of Services ________ 
End date of Services: ___________ 
4. 
Fees & Payment Terms 
As defined in clause 4 of this agreement. 
The Client shall be responsible for the payment of the entire media cost payable 
to the media vendors and the Fee payable to the Agency, irrespective of the 
success of the campaign. 
The parties agree to the terms of this SOW, read with the terms of the SLA 
and RFP. 
 
 
Agreed to and accepted by: 
 
 
 
Agreed to and accepted by: 
     
 
 
Name: 
   
  
 
 
        Name:  
 
Title:  
 
  
 
 
 
Title:  
Date of signature:   
 
 
 
Date of signature: 
State Bank of India   
 
 
                            (Service Provider) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 35 
ANNEXURE B 
 
TAT SHEET 
 
Particulars 
Timelines 
Creatives delivery for both 
online and offline platform  
To be decided based on mutual 
discussion between the client and the 
service provider 
Reports and MIS 
Agency to submit regular MIS reports 
on Job status on periodic frequency. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 36 
ANNEXURE C 
 
 
TEAM STRUCTURE AND ESCALATION 
The Service Provider to provide the Team structure and the Escalation matrix  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 37 
ANNEXURE D 
 
NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT 
 
 
This agreement made and entered into at ____________ this___________ day 
of______          2021   . 
 
BETWEEN 
 
STATE BANK OF INDIA, a corporation constituted under State Bank Of India 
Act,1955 and having its Central Office at Corporate Centre, Madam Cama Road, 
Nariman Point, Mumbai-400 021 (hereinafter referred to as “SBI” or the “Disclosing 
Party” which expression unless repugnant to the context or meaning thereof be 
deemed to include its successors and assigns) of the ONE PART; 
 
AND 
 
________________________________________ (hereinafter referred to as the 
“Receiving Party” which expression unless repugnant to the context or meaning 
thereof be deemed to include its successors and permitted assigns) of the OTHER 
PART 
 
The Receiving Party and SBI are hereinafter collectively referred to as “The Parties” 
and individually as “the Party” 
 
WHEREAS: 
 
The Parties intend to engage in discussions concerning the possible establishment of 
a business relationship between themselves and the Receiving Party is seeking to be 
engaged as _________________ in relation to the Request for Proposal issued by 
the Disclosing Party for the said engagement (“Transaction”). In the course of such 
discussions and negotiations, it is anticipated that the Disclosing Party may disclose 

 
 
 38 
or deliver to the Receiving Party certain or some of its trade secrets or confidential or 
proprietary information, for the purpose of enabling the other party to understand the 
business of the Disclosing Party and evaluate the feasibility and/or submit their 
proposals for such Transaction (hereinafter referred to as “the Purpose”). 
 
NOW, THEREFORE THIS AGREEMENT WITNESSETH AND IT IS HEREBY 
AGREED BY AND BETWEEN THE PARTIES HERETO AS FOLLOWS: 
 
1. Confidential Information: “Confidential Information” means all information 
disclosed/furnished by the Disclosing Party to the Receiving Party in connection 
with the Transaction. Confidential Information shall include any copy, abstract, 
extract, sample, note or module thereof. 
The Receiving Party may use the Confidential Information solely for and in 
connection with the Purpose. Upon execution of this Agreement, the Disclosing 
Party agrees to first disclose the names of the Credits for clearance with the 
Receiving Party’s compliance team, prior to disclosure of any other Information. 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, “Confidential Information” shall not include any 
information which the Receiving Party can show :  (a) is now or subsequently 
becomes legally and publicly available without breach of this Agreement by the 
Receiving Party, (b) is rightfully in the possession of the Receiving Party without 
any obligation of confidentiality prior to receiving it from the Disclosing Party, (c) is 
rightfully obtained by the Receiving Party from a source other than the Disclosing 
Party without any obligation of confidentiality, (d) is developed by or for the 
Receiving Party independently and without reference to any Confidential 
Information and such independent development can be shown by documentary 
evidence, or   is disclosed pursuant to an order of a court or governmental agency 
or regulatory authority as so required by such order , provided that the Receiving 
Party shall, to the extent permitted by law or regulation, promptly notify the 
Disclosing Party of such order and afford the Disclosing Party the opportunity to 
seek appropriate protective order relating to such disclosure. 
 

 
 
 39 
2. Non-disclosure: The Receiving Party shall not disclose any Confidential 
Information or any materials derived therefrom to any other person or entity other 
than persons in the direct employment of the Receiving Party, or its affiliates, or 
their directors, auditors who have a need to have access to and knowledge of the 
Confidential Information solely for the Purpose authorized above. The Receiving 
Party may disclose Confidential Information to its advisors, consultants, financiers, 
co-investors only for the Purpose mentioned hereinabove and only if such persons 
have executed a Non-Disclosure Agreement with the Receiving Party or owe a 
professional duty of obligation to the Receiving Party. The Receiving Party shall 
take appropriate measures by instruction prior to disclosure to such employees to 
assure against unauthorized use or disclosure. The Receiving Party agrees to 
notify the Disclosing Party promptly if it learns of any use or disclosure of the 
Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information in violation of terms of this Agreement. 
 
3. Publications: Except as permitted herein, neither party shall make news 
releases, public announcements, give interviews, issue or publish advertisements 
or publicize in any other manner whatsoever in connection with this Agreement, 
the contents/provisions thereof, other information relating to this Agreement, the 
Purpose, the Confidential Information or other matter of this Agreement, without 
the prior written approval of the other Party. 
 
Term: This Agreement shall be effective from the date hereof and shall continue in 
perpetuity or till the execution of a definitive agreement is relation to the 
Transaction with the selected agencies. Upon expiration or termination as 
contemplated herein the Receiving Party shall immediately cease any or all 
disclosures of Confidential Information; and at the request of the Disclosing Party, 
the Receiving Party shall promptly return or destroy all written, graphic or other 
tangible forms of the Confidential Information and all copies, abstracts, extracts, 
samples, notes or modules thereof save to the extent required to be retained 
pursuant to applicable law and regulation. The Receiving Party shall continue to 
treat Confidential Information as confidential until such information enters the 
public domain  
 

 
 
 40 
4.  Title and Proprietary Rights: Notwithstanding the disclosure of any 
Confidential Information by the Disclosing Party to the Receiving Party, the 
Disclosing Party shall retain title and all intellectual property and proprietary rights 
in the Confidential Information.  
 
5. Remedies: The Receiving Party acknowledges that if the Receiving Party fails 
to comply with any of its obligations hereunder, the Disclosing Party may suffer 
irreparable harm for which monetary damages may not be adequate. The 
Receiving Party agrees, in addition to all other remedies provided at Law or in 
equity, the Disclosing Party shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief hereunder. 
 
6.  Entire Agreement, Amendment, and Assignment: This Agreement 
constitutes the entire Agreement between Parties relating to the matters discussed 
herein and supersedes any and all prior oral discussions and / or written 
correspondence or agreements between the parties. This Agreement may be 
amended or modified only with the mutual written consent of the parties. Neither 
this Agreement nor any right granted here under shall be assignable or otherwise 
transferable.  
 
7. Governing Law and Jurisdiction: The provisions of this Agreement shall be 
governed by the laws of India and subject to the jurisdiction of the competent courts 
at Mumbai. 
 
8.  General: In no event shall the Disclosing Party be liable for the inaccuracy or 
incompleteness of the Confidential Information. None of the Confidential 
Information disclosed by the parties constitutes any representation, warranty, 
assurance, guarantee or inducement by either party to the other with respect to the 
fitness of such Confidential Information for any particular purpose or infringement 
of trademarks, patents, copy rights or any right of third persons. 
 
In witness whereof, the Parties hereto have executed these presents the day, month 
and year first herein above written. 
 

 
 
 41 
 
 For and on behalf of State Bank of India 
 
 
 (Designation) 
 
 
 
For and on behalf of (Agency) 
 
 
(Designation)    
 

