 
 
Page 1 of 9 
Industry Software Division Cloud Services Agreement 
BY (A) CLICKING ON AN “ACCEPT” BUTTON, OR (B) EXECUTING AN ORDER THAT 
REFERENCES THIS CLOUD SERVICES AGREEMENT, OR (C) OTHERWISE USING OR ACCESSING 
CLOUD SERVICES, YOU (“LICENSEE” or “CUSTOMER”) AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS CLOUD 
SERVICES AGREEMENT.  IF YOU ARE ACCEPTING THESE TERMS ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY 
OR OTHER LEGAL ENTITY, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE FULL 
AUTHORITY TO BIND SUCH COMPANY OR OTHER LEGAL ENTITY TO THESE TERMS IN WHICH 
CASE THE TERM “CUSTOMER” WILL REFER TO SUCH ENTITY. THIS CLOUD SERVICES 
AGREEMENT IS EFFECTIVE AS OF THE DATE YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS AND SHALL REMAIN 
IN FORCE UNTIL TERMINATED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS HEREIN. 
 
IF YOU DO NOT HAVE SUCH AUTHORITY, OR IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, YOU 
SHOULD NOT ACCEPT THIS CLOUD SERVICES AGREEMENT OR USE OR ACCESS THE CLOUD 
SERVICES.  
This Cloud Services Agreement is by and between Customer and HCL Technologies Limited, a company 
duly organized and existing under the laws of India and having its registered offices at 806 Siddharth, 96 Nehru 
Place, New Delhi-110019 (“HCL”), and governs the receipt and use by Customer of cloud services provided 
by HCL and made available via a network (“Cloud Services”).  HCL and Customer are hereinafter referred to 
individually or collectively, as “Party” or “Parties.”  This Cloud Services Agreement (CSA) and applicable 
Attachments, Orders and Service Descriptions (SDs) are the complete agreement regarding transactions under 
this CSA (together, the "Agreement") under which Customer may order Cloud Services. A SD is a document 
that provides a description and other information regarding a specific Cloud Service. Attachments, SDs, and 
Support information are available at https://www.hcltech.com/ERX per product as applicable Attachments 
provide supplemental terms that apply to certain types of Cloud Services. An Order is an agreed written or 
electronic document, subject to the terms and conditions of this CSA that identifies the Cloud Services to be 
provided, quantity/usage limits of each Cloud Service to be provided, applicable fees, taxes, payment terms 
and the Support to be purchased, and any other applicable terms (including but not limited to a listing of any 
additional authorized users which for avoidance of doubt Customer shall be responsible for their agreement 
and compliance with the terms hereof).  
“Support” may mean basic Support, Premium Support or Extended Support. Customer is automatically 
enrolled in basic Support for the Cloud Service identified in an Order for the first 12 months thereof at no 
additional cost. HCL may offer and Customer may purchase basic Support for a renewal period, Premium 
Support or Extended Support, via the execution of a separate contract or Order. Any conflicting terms in an 
Attachment, Order or SD that override other parts of this CSA will be identified in the Attachment, Order or 
SD accepted by the Customer and only apply to the specific transaction. “Premium Support” is where HCL 
assigns a named HCL support engineer to provide proactive and responsive support to the Licensee, beyond 
the basic Support. It is in addition to the basic Support charges. “Extended Support” is where HCL offers basic 
Support for older versions of the Program. It is in addition to the basic Support charges. 
Cloud Services and Support are obtained solely in connection with Orders executed by both Parties. Each 
Order is subject to the term of this CSA and deemed to be a discrete contract, separate from each other Order, 
unless expressly stated otherwise therein. Orders may be entered into under this CSA by and between (a) HCL 
or an Affiliate of HCL; and (b) Customer or an Affiliate of Customer. With respect to an Order, the term HCL 
or Customer will be deemed to refer to the entities that execute such Order, but in all cases Customer is fully 
responsible for ensuring its Affiliates’ (and other authorized users’) agreement and compliance with the terms 
hereof (including any Order). Neither execution of this CSA nor anything contained herein will obligate either 
Party to enter into any Orders. In the event an Order is proposed by HCL, and is deemed to constitute an offer, 
then acceptance of such offer is limited to its terms. In the event Customer proposes or accepts an Order by 
submitting a Customer purchase order, order document, acknowledgment, or other Customer communication, 

 
 
Page 2 of 9 
then regardless of whether HCL acknowledges, accepts, fully or partially performs under any such document, 
HCL objects and rejects any additional or different term in such document and none of such additional or 
different terms will become part of the agreement between the Parties even if HCL uses or refers to such 
document for invoicing purpose. Solely for administrative convenience of the Parties in ordering hereunder, 
Customer may issue a purchase order in lieu of the Parties signing the HCL Order form (HCL Program License 
and Support Order Schedule) and such purchase order shall then be deemed an Order for ordering purposes. 
Such purchase order shall be subject to this CSA, and any different terms in such purchase order (whether 
payment terms, taxes, warranty, scope of Support, limitation of liability, termination, or otherwise) will not 
apply as the purpose of the purchase order is solely for identifying pricing, product/service selected, and 
quantity for ordering hereunder. All references in this Agreement to differing or additional terms that may 
apply in an Order do not apply to purchase orders used as the Order. Subject to this paragraph, HCL (or its 
Affiliates) may accept the purchase order by processing it. 
1. 
Cloud Services 
a. 
HCL Cloud Services are designed to be available 24/7, subject to maintenance. Customer will 
be notified of scheduled maintenance. Technical support and service level commitments for each 
Cloud Service, if applicable, are specified in an Attachment or SD or are available at  
https://www.hcltech.com/ERX per product as applicable.  
b. 
HCL may offer non-HCL services (“Non-HCL Services”), or an HCL Cloud Service may enable 
access to Non-HCL services, that may require acceptance of third party terms identified in the 
SD. Linking to or use of Non-HCL services constitutes Customer's agreement with such terms. 
HCL is not a party to such third party agreements and is not responsible for such Non-HCL 
services. HCL does not provide any warranties or support with respect to Non-HCL services. 
HCL may, at any time and at its sole discretion, discontinue Non-HCL service offerings or 
revoke access to Non-HCL services via HCL Cloud Service, without entitling Customer to any 
refund, credit, or other compensation and without incurring any liability under the Agreement. 
c. 
Customer accepts an Attachment or SD by ordering, enrolling, using, or making a payment for 
the Cloud Service. When HCL accepts Customer's order, HCL provides Customer the 
authorizations specified in the SD. 
d. 
HCL will provide the facilities, personnel, equipment, software, and other resources necessary 
to provide the Cloud Services and generally available user guides and documentation to support 
Customer's use of the Cloud Services. A Cloud Service may require the use of enabling software 
that Customer downloads to Customer systems to facilitate use of the Cloud Service. Customer 
may use enabling software only in connection with use of the Cloud Service and according to 
any licensing terms if specified in a SD. Enabling software is provided as-is, without warranties 
of any kind. 
e. 
Customer will provide hardware, software and connectivity to access and use the Cloud Service, 
including any required Customer-specific URL addresses and associated certificates. 
f. 
Customer may access a Cloud Service only to the extent of authorizations acquired by Customer. 
Customer is responsible for use of Cloud Services by any user who accesses the Cloud Service 
with Customer's account credentials. A Cloud Service may not be used in any jurisdiction for 
unlawful, obscene, offensive or fraudulent Content or activity, such as advocating or causing 
harm, interfering with or violating the integrity or security of a network or system, evading filters, 
sending unsolicited, abusive, or deceptive messages, viruses or harmful code, or violating third 
party rights. In addition, Customer may not use Cloud Services if failure of the Cloud Service 
could lead to death, bodily injury, or property or environmental damage. Customer shall not: i) 
reverse engineer any portion of a Cloud Service; ii) assign or resell direct access to a Cloud 
Service to a third party outside Customer's organization or use the Cloud Service for any reason 
other than Customer’s internal business purpose; or iii) combine Cloud Services with Customer's 

 
 
Page 3 of 9 
value add to create a commercially available Customer branded solution that Customer markets 
to its end user customers unless otherwise agreed in writing by HCL. 
g. 
Customer shall keep strictly confidential all materials and information provided by HCL. 
Customer may not copy or disclose any HCL intellectual property and/or information to any 
third party or use the same for any purpose other than for using the Cloud Services in accordance 
with the terms of the Agreement. 
h. 
A Cloud Service or feature of a Cloud Service is considered "Preview" when HCL makes such 
services or features available at no charge, with limited or pre-release functionality, or for a 
limited time to try available functionality (such as beta, trial, no-charge, or preview designated 
Cloud Services). Preview services are excluded from available service level agreements. A 
Preview service may not be covered by support and HCL may change or discontinue a Preview 
service at any time and without notice. HCL is not obligated to release a Preview service or make 
an equivalent service generally available.   
2. 
Content and Data Protection 
a. 
“Content” consists of all data, software, and information that Customer (or its authorized users) 
provides, authorizes access to, or inputs to the Cloud Service. Use of the Cloud Service will not 
affect Customer's ownership or license rights in such Content. HCL, its Affiliates, and 
contractors of either, may access and use the Content solely for the purpose of providing and 
managing the Cloud Service. HCL will treat all Content as confidential by not disclosing Content 
except to HCL employees and contractors and only to the extent necessary to deliver the Cloud 
Service, except for any Content that: (i) is or becomes generally known to the public, through no 
wrongful act of HCL; (ii) was known to HCL prior to its disclosure; (iii) is lawfully received 
from a third party; or (iv) was independently developed by HCL. Furthermore, HCL may disclose 
Content to the extent compelled by law to do so, provided HCL gives the Customer prior notice 
of the compelled disclosure (to the extent legally permitted) and reasonable assistance, at the 
Customer’s cost and expense, if the Customer wishes to contest the disclosure. 
b. 
Customer is responsible for obtaining all necessary rights and permissions to enable, and grants 
such rights and permissions to, HCL, its Affiliates, and contractors of either, to use, provide, 
store and otherwise process Content in the Cloud Service. This includes Customer making 
necessary disclosures and obtaining consent, if required, before providing individuals' 
information, including personal or other regulated data in such Content. If any Content could be 
subject to governmental regulation or may require security measures beyond those specified by 
HCL for a Cloud Service, Customer will not input, provide, or allow such Content unless 
specifically permitted in the terms of the relevant SD or unless HCL has otherwise first agreed 
in writing to implement additional security and other measures. 
c. 
HCL's Privacy Policy, available upon request, applies for generally available Cloud Service 
offerings. Specific security features and functions of a Cloud Service may be provided in an 
Attachment and SDs. Customer is responsible to assess the suitability of each Cloud Service for 
Customer's intended use and Content and to take necessary actions to order, enable, or use 
available data protection features appropriate for the Content being used with a Cloud Service. 
By using the Cloud Service, Customer accepts responsibility for use of the Cloud Services, and 
acknowledges that it meets Customer's requirements and processing instructions to enable 
compliance with applicable laws. 
d. 
HCL's Data Processing Terms (DPA) and applicable DPA Exhibit(s), available upon request, 
apply and prevail over any conflicting terms of the Agreement, if and to the extent the European 
General Data Protection Regulation (EU/2016/679) (GDPR) applies to personal data contained 
in Content. 
e. 
HCL will return or remove Content from HCL computing resources upon the expiration or 
cancellation of the Cloud Service, or earlier upon Customer's request. HCL may charge for 

 
 
Page 4 of 9 
certain activities performed at Customer's request (such as delivering Content in a specific 
format). HCL does not archive Content, however some Content may remain in Cloud Service 
backup files until expiration of such files as governed by HCL's backup retention practices. 
f. 
Upon request by either Party, HCL, Customer or Affiliates of either, will enter into additional 
agreements as required by law in the prescribed form for the protection of regulated personal 
data included in Content. The Parties agree (and will ensure that their respective Affiliates agree) 
that such additional agreements will be subject to the terms of the Agreement. 
3. 
Changes 
a. 
Customer acknowledges that HCL may modify: i) a Cloud Service; and ii) the Privacy 
Policy/DPA, from time to time at HCL's sole discretion and such modifications will replace prior 
versions as of the effective date. Updates to a SD will take effect upon a new order or for SDs 
previously agreed by the Customer will take effect upon the change effective date for ongoing 
services, or upon the renewal date for Cloud Services that automatically renew. The intent of any 
modification will be to: i) improve or clarify existing commitments; ii) maintain alignment to 
current adopted standards and applicable laws; or iii) provide additional features and 
functionality. Modifications will not materially degrade the security or data protection features 
or functionality of a Cloud Service. 
b. 
HCL may withdraw a Cloud Service on 12 months' notice and in such instance HCL will continue 
to provide the Cloud Service for the remainder of Customer's unexpired term in case of a fixed 
term and for all other cases work with Customer to migrate to another HCL offering. Access to 
Non-HCL services may be withdrawn by HCL at any time. 
c. 
Since this CSA may apply to many future Orders, HCL may modify this CSA by providing 
Customer at least three months' written notice. Changes are not retroactive; they apply, as of the 
effective date, only to new Orders, ongoing Orders that do not expire, and renewals. For 
transactions with a defined renewable contract period stated in an Order, Customer may request 
that HCL defer the change effective date until the end of the current contract period. Customer 
accepts changes by placing new Orders or continuing use after the change effective date or 
allowing transactions to renew after receipt of the change notice. Except as provided above, all 
changes to the Agreement must be in writing accepted by both Parties. 
4. 
Trial, Beta Cloud Services and Other Preview Services 
a. 
If Customer chooses to use any trial Cloud Services (“Trial Cloud Services”), beta Cloud 
Services (“Beta Cloud Services”), or any other Preview Services, Customer may do so only to 
evaluate functionality, performance, compatibility and reliability during the period that HCL 
specifies. In connection with such use, Customer specifically agrees that: 
 (i) 
Trial Cloud Services, Beta Cloud Services and other Preview Services are provided 
“AS-IS” and without support;  
 (ii) 
Any security, compliance, service level, and privacy commitments stated in this 
Agreement are not applicable to Trial Cloud Services, Beta Cloud Services or other Preview 
Services;   
 (iii) 
HCL may change or discontinue Trial Cloud Services, Beta Cloud Services or other 
Preview Services at any time and makes no commitment to make them generally available;   
 (iv) 
Beta Cloud Services are Confidential Information of HCL;  
 (v) 
Beta Cloud Services are experimental, provided for testing purposes only, and may 
not be used in production; and  
 (vi) 
Customer will comply with testing guidelines that HCL provides and will make 
reasonable efforts to provide feedback.  HCL shall own all such feedback and shall have the 

 
 
Page 5 of 9 
right, on a perpetual and irrevocable basis, to use such feedback for any reason without payment 
or other obligation to Customer. 
5. 
Warranties 
a. 
HCL warrants that it provides Cloud Services using commercially reasonable care and skill. The 
warranty for a Cloud Service ends when the Cloud Service ends. 
b. 
HCL does not warrant uninterrupted or error-free operation of a Cloud Service or that HCL will 
correct all defects or prevent third party disruptions or unauthorized third-party access.  
c. 
The warranties stated in this Section are the exclusive warranties from HCL and replace all other 
warranties, including the implied warranties or conditions of satisfactory quality, 
merchantability, non-infringement, and fitness for a particular purpose. HCL warranties will not 
apply if there has been misuse, modification, damage not caused by HCL, or failure to comply 
with instructions provided by HCL. Preview services and Non-HCL services are made available 
under the Agreement as-is, without warranties of any kind. Third parties may provide their own 
warranties to Customer. 
6. 
Payment.  
6,1. 
Fees.  Customer will pay any and all fees as detailed in the Order. Except as provided therein, 
all amounts in the Order are in United States Dollars (USD). Payment is due in advance. Customer 
will pay HCL for the amounts due, owing, and duly invoiced under the Order within thirty (30) days 
of the date of invoice. Customer shall make all payments pursuant to the Order through electronic 
transfer of funds to the designated bank accounts as nominated by HCL in writing. Overdue amounts 
payable under the Order will bear interest from the original due date at the rate of one percent (1%) 
per month or the maximum legal rate, whichever is less. Except as provided in this CSA, all fees are 
non-refundable and non-cancelable. 
6.2 
Taxes.  All fees quoted are exclusive of taxes. Customer is responsible for payment of any 
sales, use, value added, GST, and any other similar taxes or governmental fees associated with the 
Order, except for taxes based on HCL’s net income, gross revenue or employment obligations. If HCL 
is obligated by applicable law to collect and remit any taxes or fees, the appropriate tax or fee amount 
will be charged and set forth in the applicable invoice. Customer agrees to bear any withholding tax 
liability as may be required by law and would increase payment due under the Order by such an amount 
so that the net payment made to HCL after deduction of applicable withholding tax is the same, had 
there been no withholding tax applicable. Customer is solely responsible for timely and accurate 
payment of applicable taxes and fees, irrespective of what HCL’s invoice may state. 
7. 
Liability and Indemnity 
a. 
HCL's entire cumulative liability for all claims (regardless of nature) related to the Agreement 
will not exceed the amount of any actual direct damages incurred by Customer up to the amounts 
paid hereunder by Customer to HCL, under the applicable Order, during the preceding twelve 
(12) month period for the affected service. HCL will not be liable for special, incidental, 
exemplary, indirect, or economic consequential damages, lost profits, business, value, revenue, 
goodwill, or anticipated savings, business interruption or loss/corruption of data. These 
limitations apply collectively to HCL, its Affiliates, contractors, and suppliers, and Customer 
shall ensure that its users agree to same.  
b. 
Damages that cannot be limited under applicable law are not subject to the above cap. 
c. 
If an unaffiliated third party asserts a claim against Customer that a Cloud Service acquired under 
the Agreement infringes a patent or copyright, HCL will at it election settle such claim or defend 
Customer against that claim and pay amounts finally awarded by a court against Customer or 
included in a settlement approved by HCL, provided that Customer promptly: i) notifies HCL in 

 
 
Page 6 of 9 
writing of the claim; ii) supplies information requested by HCL; and iii) allows HCL to control, 
and reasonably cooperates in, the defense and settlement, including mitigation efforts.  
d. 
HCL has no responsibility for claims based on Non-HCL products and services, items not 
provided by HCL, any violation of law or third-party rights caused by Customer's Content, 
materials, designs, or specifications, or for any act or omission of Customer or its representatives, 
or of any non-HCL person or entity, including but not limited to: (i) modification of the Cloud 
Service by a party other than HCL; (ii) use of the Cloud Service in combination with hardware, 
software or cloud infrastructure not provided by HCL; (iii) any unauthorized use of the Cloud 
Service; or (iv) Customer’s failure to incorporate updates or upgrades that would have avoided 
the alleged infringement. 
8. 
Term and Termination 
a. 
The Cloud Service period (“Subscription Period”) and Support period (“Support Period”) are 
set forth in the applicable Order. Following the initial term thereof, the Subscription Period and 
Support Period shall renew automatically for successive twelve (12) month terms each, subject 
to the right of either Party to cancel such renewal by delivery of written notice of non-renewal 
to the other Party at least ninety (90) days prior to the end of the then current term.  
b. 
HCL may suspend or limit, to the extent necessary, Customer's use of a Cloud Service if HCL 
determines there is a material breach of Customer's obligations, a security breach, violation of 
law, or breach of the terms set forth in section 1(f). If the cause of the suspension can reasonably 
be remedied, HCL will provide notice of the actions Customer must take to reinstate the Cloud 
Service. If Customer fails to take such actions within a reasonable time, HCL may terminate the 
Cloud Service. Failure to pay HCL (or as applicable, HCL’s Business Partner) is a material 
breach. 
c. 
HCL may terminate or suspend the Agreement and/or any Cloud Service or Support upon written 
notice to Customer if Customer fails to meet the credit requirements established by HCL and 
does not cure same within thirty (30) days of receipt of written notice from HCL (to the extent 
Customer consent for credit checks is necessary, Customer hereby provides its irrevocable 
consent for same during the term hereof), or if Customer: (i) files or has filed against it a petition 
in bankruptcy, (ii) has a receiver appointed to handle its assets or affairs, or (iii) makes or 
attempts to make an assignment for benefit of creditors. For purposes of this subsection (c), 
written notice can include email notice. For avoidance of doubt, (i) HCL’s right to terminate or 
suspend under this Agreement includes, but is not limited to, remotely deactivating license keys 
or shutting off Support; and (ii) HCL’s rights to terminate or suspend are in addition to other 
rights HCL may have. 
d. 
Either Party may terminate the Agreement: i) without cause on at least one month's notice to the 
other after expiration or termination of its obligations under the Agreement; or ii) immediately 
for cause, but terminate only with respect to the Cloud Service or Support at issue, if the other is 
in material breach of the Agreement, provided the one who is not complying is given written 
notice and 30 days to comply (it being acknowledged that HCL may provide notice by email).  
e. 
Customer may terminate a Cloud Service on one month's notice: i) at the written 
recommendation of a government or regulatory agency following a change in either applicable 
law or the Cloud Services; ii) if HCL's modification to the computing environment used to 
provide the Cloud Service causes Customer to be noncompliant with applicable laws; or iii) if 
HCL notifies Customer of a modification that has a material adverse effect on Customer's use of 
the Cloud Service, provided that HCL will have 90 days to work with Customer to minimize 
such effect. In the event of such termination, HCL shall refund a portion of any prepaid amounts 
for the applicable Cloud Service for the period after the date of termination. 
f. 
Effect of Termination and/or Expiration 

 
 
Page 7 of 9 
(1) 
Termination of the Agreement does not terminate existing Orders, and provisions of the 
Agreement as they relate to such Orders remain in effect until fulfilled or otherwise 
terminated in accordance with their terms, unless the Agreement has been terminated for 
cause or in accordance with Section 8(c). 
(2) 
If the Agreement is terminated for cause or in accordance with Section 8(c), Customer shall 
pay to HCL, on the date of termination, the total amounts due per the Agreement (and, 
unless Customer terminated for cause, Customer shall pay all fees that would have been 
paid had Agreement not terminated). If the Agreement is terminated for any other reason 
and if any Orders are in force after such termination, then the Customer shall make the 
payments in accordance with the applicable Order terms and the Agreement. 
(3) 
Upon termination or expiration of a Cloud Service, Customer shall pay to HCL, on the date 
of termination or expiration, the total amounts due for the applicable Cloud Service, and 
unless Customer terminated for cause, Customer shall pay all fees that would have been 
paid had the Cloud Service not terminated. 
(4) 
Upon termination of the Agreement or upon the termination or expiration of a Cloud 
Service, HCL may assist Customer in transitioning Customer’s Content to an alternative 
technology for an additional charge and under separately agreed terms. 
(5) 
Any terms that by their nature extend beyond the Agreement termination remain in effect 
until fulfilled, and apply to successors and assignees. 
9. 
Governing Laws and Geographic Scope 
a. 
Each party is responsible for complying with: i) laws and regulations applicable to its business 
and Content; and ii) import, export and economic sanction laws and regulations, including 
defense trade control regime of any jurisdiction, including the International Traffic in Arms 
Regulations and those of the United States that prohibit or restrict the export, re-export, or 
transfer of products, technology, services or data, directly or indirectly, to or for certain countries, 
end uses or end users. 
b. 
For purchases in the U.S., any claims arising under or relating to this Agreement will be governed 
by the internal substantive laws of the State of California or federal courts located in California, 
without reference to (i) any conflicts of law principle that would apply the substantive laws of 
another jurisdiction to the Parties' rights or duties; (ii) the 1980 United Nations Convention on 
Contracts for the International Sale of Goods; or (iii) other international laws.  For purchases in 
the U.S., each Party (i) hereby irrevocably agrees to submit to the jurisdiction and venue in the 
courts of the State of California for all disputes and litigation arising under or relating to this 
Agreement and (ii) waives any right to a jury trial in any proceeding arising out of or related to 
this Agreement.  For purchasing outside the U.S., both parties agree to the application of the laws 
of the country in which Customer obtained the Cloud Services to govern, interpret, and enforce 
all of Customer’s and HCL's respective rights, duties, and obligations arising from, or relating in 
any manner to, the subject matter of this Agreement, without reference to (i) any conflicts of law 
principle that would apply the substantive laws of another jurisdiction to the Parties' rights or 
duties; (ii) the 1980 United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods; 
or (iii) other international laws. Furthermore, all rights, duties, and obligations arising from, or 
relating in any manner to, the subject matter of this Agreement, are subject to the jurisdiction of 
the courts of the country in which Customer obtained the Cloud Service.  
c. 
Unless otherwise agreed by the Parties, the rights and obligations of the Customer are valid only 
in the country of Customer's business address or the locations identified in the applicable Order. 
If Customer or any user exports or imports Content or use of any portion of the Cloud Service 
outside the country of Customer's business address or the location identified in the applicable 
Order, HCL will not serve as the exporter or importer. If any provision of the Agreement is 

 
 
Page 8 of 9 
invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions remain in full force and effect. Nothing in the 
Agreement affects statutory rights of consumers that cannot be waived or limited by contract.  
10. 
General 
a. 
Customer agrees that HCL may, no more than one time per twelve (12) month period, audit the 
Cloud Services and Support usage hereunder in order to verify Customer’ use in compliance with 
this Agreement and/or Orders. HCL may conduct the audit itself or at its option engage an 
independent third party to do such audit, provided that such third party is subject to 
confidentiality obligation consistent with the Agreement. Customer will provide all assistance 
reasonably necessary for HCL to carry out such audit. If the audit reveals underpayment, 
Customer will promptly make such payments. If the audit reveals under-reporting of usage, 
Customer will promptly pay the difference. As with all provisions of the Agreement, HCL’s 
rights and remedies in this paragraph will be without prejudice to other rights and remedies HCL 
has under this Agreement or in any Order, a law or in equity. HCL’s audit rights under this 
paragraph shall survive any termination or expiration of an Order or this CSA for two years. 
b. 
HCL is an independent contractor, not Customer's agent, joint venturer, partner, or fiduciary, and 
does not undertake to perform any of Customer's regulatory obligations or assume any 
responsibility for Customer's business or operations. HCL is an information technology provider 
only. Any directions, suggested usage, or guidance provided by HCL or a Cloud Service does 
not constitute medical, clinical, legal, accounting, or other licensed professional advice. 
Customer and its authorized users are responsible for the use of the Cloud Service within any 
professional practice and should obtain their own expert advice. Customer is responsible for its 
use of HCL and Non-HCL products and services. Each Party is responsible for determining the 
assignment of its and its Affiliates personnel, and their respective contractors, and for their 
direction, control, and compensation. 
c. 
HCL maintains a set of business conduct and related guidelines covering conflicts of interest, 
market abuse, anti-bribery and corruption, and fraud. HCL and its personnel comply with such 
policies and require contractors to have similar policies. 
d. 
HCL, its Affiliates, and contractors of either, may, wherever they do business, store and 
otherwise process business contact information (BCI) of Customer, its personnel and authorized 
users, for example, name, business telephone, address, email, and user ID for business dealings 
with them. Where notice to or consent by the individuals is required for such processing, 
Customer will notify and obtain such consent. The HCL Privacy Policy, available upon request, 
provides additional details with respect to BCI and Account Data described below. 
e. 
Account Data is information, other than Content and BCI, that Customer provides to HCL to 
enable Customer's use of a Cloud Service or that HCL collects using tracking technologies, such 
as cookies and web beacons, regarding Customers use of a Cloud Service. HCL, its Affiliates, 
and contractors of either, may use Account Data for example to enable product features, 
administer use, personalize experience, and otherwise support or improve use of the Cloud 
Service. 
f. 
HCL is not responsible for the acts or omissions of its Business Partners. 
g. 
Neither Party may assign the Agreement, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent 
of the other; provided that HCL may assign or delegate its rights and/or obligations or any part 
thereof under this Agreement to any or all of its Affiliates. Assignment of HCL rights to receive 
payments or assignment by HCL in conjunction with the sale of the portion of HCL's business 
that includes a service is not restricted. 
h. 
This CSA applies to HCL and Customer and their respective Affiliates who acquire Cloud 
Services under this CSA. The Parties shall coordinate the activities of their own Affiliates under 
the Agreement. “Affiliates” means an entity that controls, is controlled by, or shares common 

 
 
Page 9 of 9 
control with HCL or Customer, where such control arises from either (i) a direct or indirect 
ownership interest of more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding voting stock and/or 
equivalent interest, or (ii) the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and 
policies, whether through the ownership of voting stock and/or equivalent interest, by contract, 
or otherwise, equal to that provided by a direct or indirect ownership of more than fifty percent 
(50%) of the outstanding voting stock and/or equivalent interest. 
i. 
Except as provided herein, all notices under the Agreement must be in writing and sent to the 
business address specified for the Agreement, unless a Party designates in writing a different 
address. The Parties consent to the use of electronic means and facsimile transmissions for 
communications as a signed writing. Any reproduction of the Agreement made by reliable means 
is considered an original. The Agreement supersedes any course of dealing, discussions or 
representations between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
j. 
No right or cause of action for any third party is created by the Agreement or any transaction 
under it. Neither Party will bring a legal action arising out of or related to the Agreement more 
than two years after the cause of action arose. Neither Party is responsible for failure to fulfill its 
non-monetary obligations due to causes beyond its control. Except as provided in Section 8, each 
Party will allow the other reasonable opportunity to comply before it claims the other has not 
met its obligations. Where approval, acceptance, consent, access, cooperation or similar action 
by either party is required, such action will not be unreasonably delayed or withheld. 
k. 
HCL may use personnel and resources in locations worldwide, including contractors to support 
the delivery of the Cloud Services. HCL may transfer Content, including personal data, across 
country borders. A list of countries where Content may be processed for a Cloud Service is 
described in the SD. HCL is responsible for its obligations under the Agreement even if HCL 
uses a contractor and will have appropriate agreements in place to enable HCL to meet its 
obligations for a Cloud Service. 
l. 
HCL may offer additional customization, configuration or other services to support Cloud 
Services, as detailed in a SD. 
 

