HMS Consulting Tool Kit rev. Jan 2016 
Page 1 
 
CONSULTING AGREEMENT KIT 
 
Consulting arrangement raise many of the same issues as other industry agreements (e.g. 
sponsored research, material transfer and confidentiality agreements).  In addition, you 
need to ensure such arrangements do not violate conflict of interest rules. Consulting 
arrangements may also raise personal issues requiring the attention of your own attorney 
(such as tax and stock ownership issues).    
 
This "Kit" is not legal advice or a substitute for legal advice from your attorney.  But it is 
intended to alert you to pertinent issues so you can look carefully at consulting 
documents that companies offer you.   Generally, consulting agreements are very 
negotiable; companies are eager to enter into consulting agreements with you because of 
your expertise and reputation.   Accepting a company template without discussion or 
additional review may be problematic.   
 
A chart, starting on page 3, compares the provisions typically seen in a first draft 
consulting agreement with those you should negotiate.   As you will see, many terms 
need to be addressed.  For example, HMS insurance generally does not protect you if you 
are sued for services under or related to a consulting agreement.  
 
Furthermore, since consulting is a private activity, you will not be considered a Harvard 
employee when providing consulting services, and Harvard will not indemnify you or 
provide you any legal defense if you are sued and/or found liable as a result of your 
consulting activities.  
 
Simple issues like travel reimbursement may need to be addressed as well.    
 
The Office of Academic and Research Integrity is pleased to be able to offer the 
HMS community several resources, including agreement review and the use of 
templates.  Please contact us at: consulting@hms.harvard.edu or (617) 432-3884. 
 
While the chart summarizes many issues, "conflicts" deserve special attention.   There are 
generally three ways your consulting agreement may conflict with your academic, 
clinical and research appointments: 
 
First, certain consulting agreement provisions are likely to place you in a position where 
you cannot meet academic obligations without breaching your consulting agreement.   
For example, if you agree to broad "noncompete" provisions, or if you consult in a broad 
"field" overlapping your academic work and assign all inventions and data to the 
company, this will constrain your academic research, and may place you in violation of 
federal regulations and NIH policy concerning public availability of scientific 
discoveries.    If you substantially use any HMS resources in doing such consulting and 
assign the invention to the company, you will likely be in violation of the Harvard 
University Statement of Policy in Regard to Inventions, Patents and Copyrights , and you 
may have placed yourself in the middle of a potential lawsuit between the company and 
Harvard.    

HMS Consulting Tool Kit rev. Jan 2016 
Page 2 
 
Second, if your agreement violates the conflict of interest policies and regulations of 
Harvard Medical School, HHMI, NIH, or other sponsors, you may endanger your 
academic appointment and funding.  Furthermore, you may incur direct government 
penalties.    
 
For example, the Harvard Medical School Conflict of Interest Policy generally limits 
receipt of research funding from companies depending on the form and amount of 
compensation.   The Policy also requires advance review of arrangements which shift 
research from the academic to the corporate environment, and certain board and other 
positions.   
 
The NIH requires you to report, and HMS to reduce, manage or eliminate, any conflict of 
interest.   A "conflict" exists if you have any financial relationship or interest, above a 
certain threshold, in any entity which may be affected (positively or negatively) by your 
NIH-funded research.   If you consult for a company in your area of NIH-funded 
research, and are compensated in securities or above the thresholds, it is quite likely you 
will have a conflict of interest to report to the HMS Office for Academic and Research 
Integrity. You are encouraged to discuss whether a conflict exists with the HMS Dean for 
Faculty and Research Integrity or the Executive Director of Research Integrity and 
Compliance before signing a consulting agreement. 
 
Third, even if your arrangement appears acceptable, it may conflict in practice with civil 
and criminal laws.   For example, if you are a clinician who is paid above market or fair 
value for consulting services to a pharmaceutical company, the arrangement can subject 
you to criminal prosecution and civil penalties if the government believes there is a link 
between the payments and your referral and prescribing practices.    Actions you take 
with unregistered stock may conflict with various federal and state laws limiting the 
liquidity of such stock.   Similarly, trading stock, when you have "inside" knowledge 
because of the consulting arrangement, may subject you to criminal and civil penalties for 
insider trading.   These violations may also violate Harvard policy.  Therefore, you 
should ensure that the compensation you receive is reasonable (e.g. not excessive or 
clearly above market), and you should consult with your own attorney carefully before 
you exercise any rights or options involving securities you receive as compensation. 
 
The chart below contrasts typical company consulting agreement provisions against those 
in Harvard’s model agreement. Remember that this is for guidance purposes only, and 
that your own attorney should examine the impact of any agreement on you based on its 
specific terms and your personal objectives.   You are welcome to send questions and a 
draft of the agreement to the Office of Academic and Research Integrity for discussion 
and review, recognizing that it can not address personal issues for you.  
 
 
 
 
 
 

HMS Consulting Tool Kit rev. Jan 2016 
Page 3 
 
PROVISION 
TYPICAL COMPANY 
DRAFT 
HMS MODEL 
AGREEMENT  
 
SCOPE OF SERVICES 
 Broad - includes your 
academic work. 
Precise; carves out your 
academic work, or 
preserves your rights in 
areas of overlap. 
SCHEDULING 
Whenever they want you. 
Mutual agreement.  You 
can participate by 
telephone.  
REIMBURSEMENT of 
your expenses  
Depends on undisclosed 
company 'travel policies' 
and documentation 
requirements. 
They make travel 
arrangements for you, and 
reimburse all other 
reasonable expenses 
promptly.   Company 
policies have to be 
disclosed in advance or 
won't apply.  
COMPANY 
CONFIDENTIAL 
INFORMATION  
 
 
 Definition 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Publication and control          
of data 
 
 
 
 
Exceptions to what is 
considered confidential 
information 
 
Return of copies 
 
 
1.   Defined to include (a) 
anything that you receive 
from Company; and (b) 
anything you prepare for 
Company or using its 
information, even if the use 
is not part of the consulting, 
overlaps your academic 
work, and is an entirely new 
idea that you could publish 
without publishing the 
Company information.   
Includes all data. 
 
2.  Company has exclusive 
control for all purposes.   
You may not publish or use 
the data for any purpose 
without the Company's 
permission. 
 
3.  You have the burden of 
proving exceptions, or you 
are in breach. 
 
4.  You must return all 
copies at end. 
 
1.  Limited to Company's 
own information, and 
information prepared by 
you that doesn’t overlap 
your academic work.   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2.  Not a breach for you to 
use data and Company 
confidential information for 
academic work.   Your right 
to publish is preserved.     
 
 
3.  Exceptions apply 
automatically. 
 
 
4.  You can keep one copy 
for files.  
 

HMS Consulting Tool Kit rev. Jan 2016 
Page 4 
 
 
Company's obligation to 
give you the information 
you need to reach sound 
conclusions 
5.  Even if you are on its 
SAB, Company has no 
obligation to give you full 
and fair information 
relevant to your judgment 
and conclusions. 
 
5.  Company must give you 
all information you think is 
relevant to forming your 
conclusions -- especially 
important if Company will 
publicize your conclusions.  
DISCOVERIES 
 
 
Who owns and controls 
discoveries? 
 
Do you get further payment 
for use of your discovery? 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Can you do research on 
your discovery?   Can you 
obtain research funding to 
do so?  
1.  Without further 
compensation, Company 
owns all of your 
innovations and discoveries, 
if they arise during the 
consulting, or result from it, 
or use any company 
information or "relate" to 
the same topic as the 
consulting. 
 
 
 
2.  Since Company owns all 
discoveries, as broadly 
defined above, you cannot 
do further research on 
discoveries without 
Company's permission.   No 
requirement that Company 
fund such research even if it 
permits it. 
1.  Company owns none of 
your discoveries if they 
overlap your academic 
work; instead discoveries 
are disclosed to both 
company and Harvard, and 
Company has an option to 
license them.  Any  license 
fees and royalties will be 
shared with you under 
Harvard licensing policy. 
 
 
2.  Your right to continue 
research is preserved.  If 
you wish, HMS Office of 
Technology Development 
will seek industry funding 
for your research in 
connection with  licensing 
the discovery. 
LIABILITIES 
 
 
Promises you make creating 
special personal liability. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1.  You "represent and 
warrant" that the Agreement 
complies with all 
institutional policies, that it 
always will, that you will 
never use academic 
facilities or resources, that 
you'll never do anything 
inconsistent with the 
consulting agreement, and 
that you'll never use anyone 
else's confidential 
information in the 
consulting.   If you breach 
these, you are personally 
responsible for all damages 
(for example, all the loss in 
1.  You make no 
representations and 
warranties except that you 
know of no inconsistent 
agreement, and will not 
knowingly and intentionally 
enter into an inconsistent 
one. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

HMS Consulting Tool Kit rev. Jan 2016 
Page 5 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Do you have insurance 
coverage for any lawsuits 
that arise out of the 
consulting or its subject 
matter? 
value to the Company if it 
does not own an invention 
because Harvard owns it, 
and all lawsuits by any 
other companies for which 
you consult claiming that 
something you learned from 
one was wrongfully used by 
another).    You are 
personally liable even if the 
lawsuit is unfounded and 
unfair.  
 
2. You have no insurance 
coverage for defense or 
payment of any lawsuit that 
arises out of or relates to the 
consulting  (for example, a 
product liability lawsuit 
which includes you because 
of your role on the 
Company's scientific 
advisory board).    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2.  The Company provides 
you with insurance for a 
defense and for all costs. 
USE OF YOUR NAME 
AND PHOTO 
Company can use as it 
chooses. 
Company needs your 
permission, and must 
describe your role 
accurately.  Company 
cannot use you as a 
publicist with investors, 
without your consent. 
ASSIGNMENT 
 
Transfer of your obligations 
to any other company 
Company can transfer your 
obligations to any other 
company without your 
permission, so that you end 
up consulting to a different 
company than you intended, 
including one you are 
uncomfortable with. 
Your obligations cannot be 
transferred to anyone else 
without your permission. 
TERMINATION 
Company can terminate 
without or without cause on 
little notice.    Costs you've 
incurred already may not be 
reimbursed. 
Either party can terminate 
with or without cause.   All 
costs you incurred are 
covered. 
 

