





































































































Government of India
Ministry of Railways,
(Railway Board)

No. 2018/Trans. CelMech /Service Contracts New Delhi Dated: 20.03.2018

The General Managers,
All Zonal Railways & Production Units
DGIRDSO, DG/NAIR, CAO/DMW, CAOIRWP
Dir/CTIs

Sub: The General Conditions of Contract for Ser
Ref: Letter of even No. Dated 02.02.2018.

‘There have been some typographical mistakes in the Board's letter of even no.
issued on 02.02.2018.

Now, typographical mistakes have been corrected. The corrected copy of
General Conditions of Contract for Service in PDF format is enclosed.

Zonal Railways may follow this corrected POF version of General Conditions of

Contract for Services

(AK. Chandra)

Executive Director/Mech Trans.
Railway Board

Tel. No. (M) 9717646228

No. 2018/Trans. CellMech/ Service Contracts New Delhi Dated: 20.03.2018

4. PFAs, All indian Railways & Production Units
2. The ADAI (Railways), New Delhi
3. The Director of Auait, All Indian Railways

(Sanjeeb Kumar)
Executive Ditector/Accounts/Transformation

General Conditions of
Contract for Services

January, 2018

@ ap. faces kewaa wrahesin)


GCC FOR SERVICES. January, 2018
PREAMBLE

In recent years, Indian Railways has seen a rise in the number of service
‘contracts in non-operational areas such as cleaning, facilties management,
consultancy etc. which continue to be governed by the General Conditions of
Contract (GCC) for Works at present

Given the diverse nature of works and services contracts and the problems
‘in managing service contracts using a GCC developed for works, a need was felt
to formulate a simplified, outcome focused GCC catering specifically to services to
improve contract management, delivery of services and to reduce goverment
ligation,

In this regard, a committee of Executive Directors/Railway Board was

formed with a mandate for ‘simplification and improvement of service contracts
with a view to improve the quality of services and service contract management”

The new GCC is a result of wide ranging consultations, profound erudition
and of immensely valuable contributions from all the directorates which examined
its provisions and connotations thereof, both evident and implicit

The recommendations of the committee after approval of the Civil
Engineering, Transformation, and Legal directorates, concurrence of Finance and
‘approval ofthe Railway Board are presented inthe form of the new document titled
8 “The General Conditions of Contract for Services”

Amit Garg,

Convener of the Committee on GCC for Services,
‘and

Executive Director! EnHMICE,

Railway Board

Gaudio Gajeblne yp ey —


LIST OF CONTENTS

11
12
13
14

24

22
23

24
28
26

27

28

at
32
33
34
35
36

MEANING OF TERMS.

Interpretation
Definition

‘Singular and Plural

Headings and Marginal Headings

ELIGIBILITY OF BIDDERS AND EVALUTATION
OF BIDS

Elements of Service Contracts and Procedural
Thereof

Quaiifcation Criteria

Lead PartneriNon Substantial Partners/Change in
JviConsortium

Joint Venture (JV)Firms in Bids

Disqualification of Bidders

Bid Evaluation System

Application for Registration for Approved List of
Vendors
Right of Raitway to Deal with Bids

BID DOCUMENTATION

Bid (Tender) Form
‘Omissions & Discrepancies
Eamest Money

Care in Submission of Bids
Execution of Contract Document
Form of Contract Document

4

16
16
16
7
18
18

(i ob Sp ua pry) Qbr/) —

IV GENERAL OBLIGATIONS

4.1 Execution Co-Relation And Intent of Contract 19
Documents
42 Law Governing The Contract 19
4.3. Service of Notices on Contractors 20
4.4 Occupation and Use of Land 20
4.5 Assignment or Subletting of Contract 20
46 Railway Passes 20
4.7 Carriage of Materials 2
4.8 Representation on Works 21
4.9 Relics, Treasures, Lost and Found 2
4.10 Indemnity By Contractors 2
4.11 Performance Guarantee 21
4.12 Force Majeure Clause 23
4.13 Illegal Gratification 24
4.14 Contractor's Understanding 24
4.15 Commencement of Works. 24
4.18 Accepted Programme 24
4.17 Compliance to Managers Instructions 24
4.18 Alterations to be Authorized 25
4.19 Extra Works 25
4.20. Separate Contract in Connection With Works 25
4.21 Instruction of Manager's Representative 25
4.22. Adherence to Specifications and Drawings: 25
4.23 Working During Night 26
4.24 Damage to Railway Property or Private Lite and 26
Property
4.28. Sheds and Stores Houses 7
4.26 Provision of Efficient and Competent Staff atSites 27
By The Contractor
4.27 Workmanship and Testing 28
4.28 Removal of improper Materialstools and Plant 28
4.29 Facilities for Inspection 28
4.30 Temporary Works 28
4.31 Contractor to Supply Water for Works 29
4.32 Contractor to Arrange Supply of Electric Powerfor 29
Services
4.83 Property in Materials and Piant 29
4.34 Tools, Plant and Material Supplied by Railway 30
4.35 Hire of Railways’ Plant 30
4.36 Precaution During Progress of Services 30
437 Roads and Water Courses 30

ce ‘Phos nistry of Raimway: ej oe Daw) Ror)

4.38 Provision of Access to Premises 30

4.39. Safety of Public 30
4.40 Use of Explosives 3t
4.41 Suspension of Services 34
4.42 Rates for Items of Work 3t
4.43 Clearance of Site on Completion 32
4.44 Digital Contract Labour Management System 32
4.45 Environmental Requirements 33
4.48 Data Protection 33
4.47 Intellectual Property Rights 4

V__ VARIATIONS, MEASUREMENT AND PAYMENTS

5.1 Extension of Time 37
5.2 Extension of Time for Delay Due to contractor 38
5.3 Modification to Contract tobe in writing 38
54 Claims 40
5.5 Measurement 4a
58 Payments 2
5.7 _ Price Variation Clause (PVC) 4a
5.8 Price Variation During Extended Period of Contract 45
5.9 Maintenance of Works, if applicable 45
5.10 Certificate of Completion of Services 46
5.11 Final Payment 47

VI LABOUR LAWS AND RELATED OBLIGATIONS

61 Independent Contractor 49
62 Legal Obligations 50
63 Labour Law Awareness 50
64 Provisions of Contract Labour (Regulation and 50

Abolition) Act, 1970/Rule 1950

6.5 Minimum Wages Act, 1948/Rules 1950 53
6.6 Provisions of Payments of Wages Act 54
67 Provisions of Employees Provident Fund and 54
‘Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952
68 Provisions of Workmen's Compensation Act 7
69 The Maternity Benefit Act, 1961 87
6.10 The Sexual Harassment of Women at the Workplace 58
6.11 Safai Karamchari Act, 1993 58

6.12 Child Labour (Prohibition and Regulation) Act, 1986 59

ee ee


6.13 Apprentices Act, 1961 59
6.14 Miscellaneous Provisions 59
6.15 Medical Certificate of Fitness for Labour
6.16 Police Verification of Labour Employed by
Contractor
6.17 Mandatory Compliance of Government Schemes. 62
Vil DETERMINATION OF CONTRACT
7.1. Right of Railway to Determine the Contract 63
7.2 Payment on Determination of Contract 63
7.3 NoClaim on Compensation 63
7.4 Determination of Contract Owing to Defauit of 63
Contractor
7.5 Right of Railway After Rescission of Contract Owing 65
to Default of Contractor
Vill SETTLEMTN OF DISPUTES-
INDINAN RAILWAY ARBITRATION RULES
8.1 Matters Finally Determined by the Railways er
82 Demand for Arbitration 67
83 Obligation During Pendency of Arbitration 68
84 Appointment of Arbitrator 68
ANNEXURES
Bid Evaluation-Technical Criteria (sample) a
Il Bid Form (First Sheet) ™
I Bid Form (Second Sheet)-Instructions to Bidders 75
ll Bid Form (Third Sheet)- Schedule of Rates and 80
Quantities
Ill Contract Agreement of Services at
IV Employment Card (Form XIV) 82
V Service Certificate (Form XV) 83

Vi Register of Wages (Form XVII) 84

Vil Wage Siip (Form xix) 85

Vill Retum to be sent by the Contractor to the Licensing 86
Officer (Form XXIV)


1X Annual Return of Principal Employer to be sent to
the Registering Officer (Form XXV)

X Certificate of Medical Examination

XI Certificate of Police Verification

Xil__ Performance Notice

Xill_ Revocation of Performance Notice

XIV 7 Days Notice

XV Termination Notice

XVI First Aid Facilites

XVI_ Register for Correction Slips

( Sv Soop Kane puri,

BSSeessss gs


a Meaning of Terms

|. MEANING OF TERMS

41.1. Interpretation: These shall be subject to modifications additions or suppression
by special conditions of contract andlor special specifications, if any, annexed 10 the Bid
Forms.

4.2 _ Definition: in these General Conaitions of Contract, the folowing tems shall have
the meanings assigned hereunder except where the context otherwise requires.

Examples of earning contracts are running (operating) 4-wheeler / 2wheeler stands;
ppubicty on platforms / trains el.; running (operating) various type of stalls on platforms
Including reservation centers, book-stals, restaurants, fast-food stalls, teastalls et.

1.24 Rallway shall mean the President of the Republic of India or the Administrative
Officers of the Railway or of the Successor Ralay authorized to deal with any matter,
\which these presents are concemed on her behalt.

1.22 General Manager (GM) shall mean the Offcerin-Charge of the general
superintendence and contol ofthe Zonal Raiway/Production Units and shall also include
the General Manager (Construction) and shall mean and include their successors, ofthe
‘Successor Railway.

4.2.3 Chief Manager shall mean the Officer in charge of the user department
Mechanical! Commercial Operations! Safety/ Finance’ Health/ Engineering including $ &
‘and Electrical of both Open line and Construction department including production units
etc. (or e.g. COM, CCM, CE, CMD etc.) and shall mean and include thelr successors of
the Successor Railway,

4.2.4 Divisional Railway Manager (DRM) shall mean the Officer in charge of a
Division ofthe Zonal Railway and shall mean and include the Divisional Raiway Manager
(ofthe Successor Railway,

1.2.5 Manager shall mean the Divisional officers or equivalent officers of the
user department Le. Mechanical, Commercial! Operations) Safety!
Finance Health’ Engineering including $ & T and Electical of both Open ine and
Construction department including production units etc. _ in executive
charge of the works (e.g. Sr DME, Sr DOM, Sr OCM, OMS, SrDEN etc.) and


| 2 | Meaning of Teo

hall include the superior officers of the same departments and shall mean & include the
‘successors of the Successor Railway

4.26 Bidder shall mean the person! the fim’ co-operative or company whether
incorporated or not who Bids forthe services with a view to execute the works on contract
with the Raiway and shall include their personal representatives, successors and

Permitted assignees.

1.27 Limited Bids shall mean bids invited from all or some contractors on the
approved or selec st of Contactors withthe Railway.

‘mean the bids invited in open and public manner and with

1.29 Works shall mean the works contemplated for delivery of services as per
drawings and schedules set forth in the Bid forms and required to be executed according
to the specifications.

1.2.10 Service means any subject matter of procurement other than goods or works,
‘except those incidental or consequential to the service, and includes physical
maintenance, housekeeping, professional, intellectual, training, consultancy and advisory
Services or any other service classified or declared as such by procuring entity But does
‘ot include appointment of an individual made under any law, rues, regulations of order
‘sued in this bea.

4.2.11 Earning Contract means a contract in which the contractor makes payment to
Railway for some notified actvty, ie. where Railway gets some earning by awarding the
contract. Examples of eaming contracts are running (opersting) 4-wheeler / 2-wheeler
stands; publicity on platforms / trains etc; running (operating) various type of stalls on
Platforms including reservation centers, book-sale, restaurants, fast-food stalls, teas
la

1.2.12 Specifications shall mean the Standard Specicatons for Materials & Services
cof Railway as specified by Railway under the authority ofthe Ministry of Raitways or the
Chief Manager or as amplified, added to or superseded by Special Specifications, if any or
28 specified in the Bid document.

4.2.13 Schedule of Rates of the Railway (SOR) shall mean the Schedule of Rates
Issued under the competent authority from time to time.

1.2.14 Drawings shall mean the maps, drawings, plans, tracings or prints.thereof
‘annexed to the contract and shall include any modifications of such drawings and futher
‘drawings 88 may be issued by the Manager from time to time.

1.215 Contractor shall mean the Person/FimiCo-operative Society or Company
whether incorporated or not who enter ito the contract with the Rallway and shall include
thew executors, administrators, successors and permitted assignees,

4.2.46 Contract shall mean and include the Agreement of Work Order, the accepted
‘Schedule of Rates or the Schedule of Rales of Railay modified by the Bid
percentage for tems of works quantified, of not quantified, the General Conditions of

Baie pti Monta

> | Meaning of Terms

Contract, the Special Conditions of Contracts, if any; the Drawings, the Specifications, the
‘Special Specifications, if any and Bid Forms, i any.

1.2.17 Tools and plants shall mean all appliances or things of whatsoever nature
requited for the execution, completion or maintenance of the services.

1.2.18 "Temporary Works” shall mean all temporary works of every kind required for
the execution completion andlor maintenance of the services.

4.2.19 Site shall mean the lands, spaces, trains and other places on, under, in or through
wich the services are to be caried out and any other lands or places provided by the
Railway for the purpose ofthe contract

4.2.20 Period of Maintenance shall mean the specified period of maintenance from the
date of competion of the works, as cetied by the Manager.

1.2.21 Two Bid System / Two Packet System shall mean a system of bid evaluation
where there is simultaneous receipt of separate technical and financial bids. The technical
‘evaluation of bids is completed first and the financial bids of only the technically
responsive bids are opened, for further evaluation. Ths is the standard method to be
adopted.

1.2.22 Quality and Cost Based Selection shall mean a system of bid evaluation
where weightages are assigned to technical and financial criteria, wherein higher
weightage is assigned to technical criteria based on the importance of qualty of
Consultancy services sought. The evaluation js made on the basis of combining the
weighted scores fo technical and financial criteria

4.3. Singular and Plural: Words importing the singular number shall also include
the plural and vice versa, where the context requires,

1.4 Headings and Marginal Headings: The headings and marginal headings in
these general conditions are solely for the purpose of facilitating reference and shall not
‘be deemed to be part thereof oF be taken inlo consideration in the interpretation oF
Construction thereof or the contract,

1.5 Use of Personal Pronouns: The form of personal pronouns adopted in this
document in relation to bidders is ‘she, ‘her’ etc It shall be deemed to signifyinciude all
persons (and objects) respective of the genderisex

(nie Sept eva timlcarry


& Eby of ers and Bd Evaluation

ll. ELIGIBILITY OF BIDDERS AND BID EVALUATION

2.1 Elements of Service Contracts and Procedures thereof

2.41 Essential elements of a Service Contract: Service contracts are generally defined
by scope, (eg, services expressed in terms of functions, processes, actives, or projects),
govemance (€49., decision powers, oles and responsibilies), operations (eg. day-to-day,
perating procedures), nancial arrangements (e.g, fee structures, settlement arrangements),
Performance (e.g., expected outputs, levels of service, reporting) and implementation (e.9,

activites, timelines, level of effort). Quality of services and timely availabilty of services Is
essential for the satisfactory performance of a Service Contac. Bids! Tenders have to be
framed in such @ manner in which these basic elements are ensured.

2.1.2 For Sewice Contracts valuing Rs. 60 lakhs and above (the cost of Bid as decided by
Railway Board from time to time), at present, two-packet system of bidding for evaluation
Would Be adopted based on Clause 2.6 B

2.4.3 Senice contracts valuing less than Rs. 60 lakhs (as decided by Railway Board from
{ime to time) shall be decided on the basis of financial bids as per procedures laid down by
Railway Board,

2.2 Qualification Criteria
2.24 Eligible Applicant

22.1.4 The Bids for this contract will be considered only ffom those Bidders
{proprietorship firms, partnership fms, companies, corporations, consortia. or joint
ventures (JV hereinafter) etc] who meet requisite eligibility erteria. In the case of a WV of
Consortium, all members of the Group shall be jointly and severally table for the
Performance of whole contract,

2212

2) Ay Bidder shall submit only one bid in the particular Bidding process, either
Individually a5 a Bidder or as a partner of a JV. A Bidder who submits or participates in,
‘more than one bid wil cause al ofthe proposals in which the Bidder has pariopated fo be
Aisqualfied. No Bidder can be a sub-contractor while submitting a bid individually ox as a
Partner of a Vin the same bidding process,

“Ce


B Egy of Bdders and i Eaton

) Any Central government department Ministry of Railways must not have banned
business with the Bidder (any member in case of JV) as onthe date of Bid submission,

©) If the bidder (any member in case of JViconsortium) must not have suffered
Dankruptey! insolvency during the last § years. The Bidder should submit an undertaking
to his effect as part of the bi.

©) Bidders must not have a conflict of interest. Following shall be considered as
conflict of interest inthis bidding process

()_ Ia Bidder or her associatesifflates (inclusive of parent fims) has been engaged by
the Employer (Railways) to provide consulting services for the preparation related to
procurement or on implementation of the project;

(i), a Bidder lends, or temporanly seconds its personnel to firms or organizations
Which are engaged in consuling services forthe preparation related to procurement for an
Implementation ofthe project, If the personnel would be involved in any capacity on the
same project.”

®) Ifthe bidder or any of 8 consttuents has changed iis name or created a new
‘business entity as covered by the defnition of “Allied Firm’ under para 1102 (i) of Chapter
XI of Indian Railways. Vigilance Manual, consequent to having been banned busine:
‘dealings or suspended business dealings

2.3. Lead Partner! Non - Substantial Partners/ Change In JV/
Consortium

2.3.4. One of the members of the JV Firm shall be is Lead Member who shall have
‘majority (atleast 51%) share of interest in the JV Firm The other members shall have a
‘hare of not less than 20% each in case of JV Firms with upto three members and not less
than 10% each in case of JV Firms with more than three members. In case of JV Firm with
foreign member(s), the Lead Member has to be an indian Fim,

2.8.2 Once the Bid is submitted, the MoU shall not be modified altered’ terminated
‘during the valdty of the Bid. In case the Bidder fais to observe/comply with this
stipulation, the full Eamest Money Deposit EMD) shall be lable to be forfeited

2.3.3. Approval for change of constitution of JV Firm shall be at the sole discretion
of the Employer (Railways). The constitution of the JV Firm shall not be allowed to
‘be modified after submission of the bid by the JV Firm, except when modification
becomes inevitable due to succession laws etc. and in any case the minimum
eligibility criteria should not get vitiated. However, the Lead Member shall continue
to be the Lead Member of the JV Firm, Failure to observe this requirement would
render the offer invalid

2.34 Similarly, ater the contract is awarded, the constitution of JV Firm shall not
be allowed to be altered during the currency of contract except when modification
become inevitable due to succession laws etc, and in any case the minimum
eligibilty criteria should not get viiated. Failure to observe this stipulation shall be


l= | Egy of ders and Bi Evahaon

deemed to be breach of contract with all consequential penal action as per contract
‘conditions,

2.4 Joint Venture (JV) Fiems in Bids

2.4.1 Participation of Joint Venture (JV) Firms in Service Bids: This Clause shall
be applicable in the Bids, where participation of JV has been allowed as per bid
‘document.

24.1.1 Separate identityiname shal be given tothe Joint Venture Firm.

2412 Number of members in @ JV Firm shall not be more than three, ifthe
Service involves only one department (say Mechanical or commercial or Medical) and
shall not be more than five, if the work involves more than one department.

2413 A member of JV Firm shall not be permitied to partipate either in
Individual capacity or as a member of another JV Firm inthe same Bi

24.4 The Bid form shall be purchased and submitted only in the name of the JV

Firm and notin the name of any constituent member.

24.1.5 Normally Eamest Money Deposit (EMD) shall be submited only in the
fname ofthe JV Firm and notin the name of constituent member. However. in exceptional
cases, EMD in the name of Lead Member can be accepted subject 0’ submission of
pectic request leter from Lead Member stating the reasons for not submiting EMD in
the name of JV Firm and giving written confirmation from JV members to the effect that
EMO submited by the Lead Member may be deemed as EMD submited by JV Fim,

2416 A copy of Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) executed by the JV
‘members shall be submited by the JV Firm along withthe Bid. The complete details of
the members of the JV Firm, their share and responsiblity in the JV Fim et. particulanty
with reference to nancial, technical and other obligations shall be furnished in the MoU.

2417 On award of contract to a JV Firm, Performance Guarantees shall be
submitted by the JV Fim as per clause 4.11. All the Guarantees ike Performance
‘Guarantee, Bank Guarantee for Mobilzation Advance, Machinery Advance etc. shall be
‘accepted only in the name of the JV Firm and no spliting of guarantees amongst the
‘members ofthe JV Firm shall be permitied

2418 On issue of LOA (Letter of Acceptance), an agreement among the
‘members ofthe JV Firm (to whom the work has been awarded) shall be executed and got
registered before the Registrar of the Companies under Companies Act or before the
RRepistrar'Sub-Regisrar under the Registration Act, 1908. This JV Agreement shall be
‘submitted by the JV Fim to the Raways before signing the contract agreement forthe
Service. in case the Bidder fails to observelcomply with this stipulation, the ful Earnest
Money Deposit (EMO) shall be forteted and other penal actions due shall be taken
‘against partners of the JV and the JV. This Joint Venture Agreement shall have, inter.
alia, following Clauses:

(a) Joint and Several Liability - Members of the JV Firm to which the contract is
‘awarded, shall be jointly and severally liable to the Employer (Railways) for delivery of
‘Service in accordance with General and Special Conditions of Contract. The JV members
shall also be lable joinly and severally for the loss, damages caused to the Railways


ia Eigbily of Biers an Bid Exaluaton

during the course of execution ofthe contract or due to non-executon ofthe contract or
par thereof.

(b) Duration of the Joint Venture Agreement - it shall be valid during the entire
‘currency of the contract including the period of extension, if any and the maintenance
Period aftr the service is completed,

{€)__ Governing Laws - The Joint Venture Agreement shal in all respect be governed
bby and interpreted in accordance with Indian laws.

241.9 Authorized Member - Joint Venture members shall authorize one of the
‘members on behalf ofthe Joint Venture Firm to deal with the Bid, sign the agreement or
enter into contract in respect of the said Bid, to receive payment, to winess joint
measurement of work done, to sign measurement books and similar such action in
respect ofthe said Bid/contract. All noticesicorespondences with respect to the contract
would be sent ony to this authorised member ofthe JV Fim.

2.4.4.1 No member of the Joint Venture Firm shall have the right to assign or
{transfer the interest right or habit in the contract without the written consent of the other
‘members and that ofthe employer (Railways) in respect ofthe said bid/ contract,

2.4.1.1 Documents to be enclosed by the JV Firm along with the Bid:

24.1.41.4 In case one or more of the members of the JV Firm islare partnership
fies), folowing documents shal be submitted:

(@) Notary certiied copy ofthe Partnership Deed,

(©) Consent of all the partners to enter into the Joint Venture Agreement on a stamp
paper of appropiate value (n origina).

(©) Power of Attomey (duly registered as per prevaling law) in favour of one of the
Partners ofthe partnership fm to sign the JV Agreement on behalf ofthe parinership firm
‘and create liabity against the firm,

241.112 _In-case one or more members isare Proprietary Fim or HUF, the following
‘documents shall be enclosed!

(@) Affdavit on Stamp Paper of appropriate value declaring that histher Concern is a
Proprietary Concem and helshe is sole proprietor of the Concem OR he/she is in
positon of "KARTA" of Hindu Undivided Family (HUF) and he/she has the authorty,
‘Power and consent given by other partners to act on behalf of HUF.

24.1.11:3 In case one or more members is! are limited companies, the following
‘documents shall be submited:

(2) _ Notary certified copy of resolutions ofthe Directors of the Company, permiting the
‘company to enter into a WV agreement, authorizing MD or one of the Directors or
Managers of the Company to sign JV Agreement, such other documents required to be
signed on behalf of the Company and enter into ability against the company andlor do
any other act on behalf of the company.

(©) Copy of Memorandum and Articles of Associaton of the Company.

(© Power of Atomey (duly registered as per prevaling law) by the Company
authorizing the person to dofact mentioned inthe para (a) above


Bi gity of ders and Bid Evaluation

241.114 Allthe Members of JV shal certify that they are not biackisted or debarred
bby Railways or any otter Ministry / Department / PSU (Public Sector Undertaking) ofthe
Govt of India State Govt. from participation in Bidsicontract on the date of opening of
bids ether in their individual capacity or as @ member of the JV Firm in which they
were/are members

2.8 Disqualification of Bidders

2.5.1 Employment / Partnership etc. of Retired Railway Employees.
2644

(@) Should a Bidder be a retired Manager of the Gazetted rank or any other
Gazetted Officer working before her retrement, whether inthe executive or administrative

capacity or whether holding a pensionable post or not in any department of any of the
‘allways owned and administered by the President of India for the time being, of

(©) __ Should @ Bidder being partnership firm have as one ofits partners a retired
Manager or reticed Gazetted Orfcer as aforesaid, or

(@)__ Should a Bidder being an incorporated company have any such retired Manager
OF retired officer as one of its Directors or

(@) Should a Bidder have in her employment any retired Manager or retired
Gazetted Officer as aforesaid, then

the full information as to the date of reticement of such Manager or Gazetted Officer
{om the said service and in case where such Manager or Officer had not retired from
Government service atleast one year prior to the date of submission of the Bid as to
whether permission for taking such contract, or

ifthe contractor be a partnership fm or an incorporated company, to become a partner
fF Director as the case may be, or fo take the employment under the contractor, has
been obtained by the Bidder or the Manager or Officer, as the case may be from the
President of India of any offcer, duly authorised by her in this behalf, shall be clearly

1 of sub
Bids without th Dove. wnt to the no such
ited Manager or Gazetted Offeer i fated with th 5 the

case may be, shall be rejecie.

2.8.2 Should a Bidder or contractor being an individual on the list of approved
Contractors, have a relative) or inthe case of partnership frm or company of contractors
‘one or more of her shareholder(s) or a relatives) of the shareholders) employed in
‘gazette capaciy in any department of Indian Railway, the authorty inviting bids shall be
Informed of the fact at the time of submission of 8d, faiing which the bid may be
lisqualfiedrejected or if such fact subsequently comes to light, the contract may be
rescinded in accordance with the provision In Clause 7.4 of the General Condtions of
Contac,


| Egy of ders and Bi Eaton

2.82.1 the bidder or any ofits constituents has been levied with @ penalty fr violation of
labour laws for three times in the last two years (rom the date of opening of tender by the
appropriate enforcing agency ke the Labour Commissioner et.

252.2 The contractor shall be disqualified from participating inthe bidding for services in
‘9 Raiway division,

()__thany previous contract of the bidder or any of its constituents had been terminated
Under clause 7.4 in that Ralway division, with in the previous 2 years from date of
‘submission of bids.

In that Railway division, the bidder or any of its constituents has been imposed a
Penalty equivalent othe maximum penalty that can be imposed under a previous contract,
Such a fgure being specified, with nthe previous 2 years from date of submission of bids
(Period of 2 years shall be reckoned from the date on which the total accrued amount of
Penalties has reached the maximum penally that can be imposed under the contract, as
specified by the Competent Authority)

“The deciaration to this effect shall be furnished by the contractor as a part of his bid
document. A format inthis regard shall be made a part ofthe tender document. In case
‘his declaration is found to be false, process for ‘banning of business’ against the
biddericontracor shall be inated as per extent rules.

2.6 Bid Evaluation System
Evaluation ofthe bids shal be done as per the folowing system —

For evaluation of bids, the technical ertera must be defined by the tender inviting authority
In consuttaion with associate fnance and approval of the tender accepting authony, as
per the needs and specific requirements ofthe project in question,

‘Based on the type and spectc requirements ofthe project the fllowing methods of bid
‘evaluation can be used, as considered appropriate

‘A. _ Single Packet System: This method of evaluation shall be used for all senice
Contracts having bid value upto and including Rs 60 Lakh. This shall be based on the
ebgibiliy criteria as per clause 26.1.1 and 26.12 below. Clause 2.6.13 shall not be
applicable here.

B. Two Bid System / Two Packet System: This method of evaluation shall be
used for al service contracts having bid value exceeding Rs $0 Lakh,

‘The procedure detailed below shall be adopted for dealing with Two Packets System
of Biding:

\With a view to assess the bids technically without being influenced by the financial
bids, Two Packets System of Bidding’ shall be adopted. In this system, the Bidders sh
‘submit their quotations! offers in two sealed envelopes; with one envelope containing
the Technical bid (First packet) and the other envelope containing the Financial Bid
(Second packet)

‘The fist packet shall be withthe objective of scrutinizing the capability, nancial strength,
experience etc. ofthe bidders, Ifthe technical offers are found acceptable by meeting


B Eigblty of ier and Bid Evaiaton

{the minimum qualifying marks as provided inthe technical ceria, the second packet shall
be opened and the bids shall be processed for finalization in the normal manner (eligible
lowest bidder). Those bidders who do not meet ths criterion shall not be considered for
‘opening their nancial bids.

However, i on the basis of information contained in the first packet, the Tender
Commitee needs ciarfication regarding processes, specifications etc., communication
can be inated with the bidders. In seeking clarifications, all communications with bidders
shall be properly recorded so that an adult tal is maintained, Clarffcatons shall be
‘confined tothe documents/nformation already subritted by the bidder.

©. Quality and Cost Based System (QCBS): This method of selection may be
Used for consulting services where quality of consultancy is of prime concem such as
‘management consulting, feasibilty studies etc. This method of evaluation shall be used for
Consultancy service contracts having bid value exceeding Re 60 Lakh, Under QCBS,
‘weightages are assigned to technical and financial bd
The bid document shall speciy the minimum qualifying score forthe quality of technical
bid and also the relative weightages to be given to the quality and cost (determined for
‘each case depending on the relative importance of qual vis-a-vis cost aspects in the
assignment, e.g. 70:30, 60:40, 50:50 etc). The bid with the highest weighted combined
‘core (quality and cost) shall be selected. The weightage ofthe technical parameters 1.
‘on financial parameters inno case should exceed 80 percent

26.1 Minimum Eligibility Criteria

2.6.1.1 Work Experience The bidder should have satisfactory completed in the last
{tee previous financial years and the cutrent nancial year upto the date of opening of the
tender, one simiar single service contract™ for a minimum of 35% of advertised valve of
the bid.

“Completed service contract includes on-going service contract subject to payment of
bill amounting o at least 35% ofthe advertised value ofthe Bid,

“Similar service contract means any contract that is so specified by the competent
authority.

Work experience certificate from private individual shall not be accepted. Certificate from
public sted companyiprivate company/Trusts having annual turnover of Rs 500 crore
{and above subject fo the same being issued from theie Head office by a person of the
‘Company duly enclosing his. authorisation by the Management for issuing such
credentials.

Notes
The bidder shall submit details of work executed by them in the prescribed format
‘alongwith bid for the service contracts 10 be considered for qualification of work
‘experience criteria clearly indicating the naturelscope of contract, actual completion cost
‘and actual date of completion for such contrac.

26.1.2Financial Standing: The Bidders will be qualified only i they have minimum
financial capabilies as below ~

(i) T1- Financial Tumover-The bidder should have an aggregate financial turnover not
less than 1.5 times the advertised Bid value during the last three previous financial years


i lgity of Biers and id Evaluation

‘and in the current financial year upto the date of opening of the tender. The audited
balance sheet reflecting financial tunover ceriied by chartered accountant with her
stamp, signature and membership number shal be considered.

(i) T2ALiquidity: The bidder should have access to or has available quid
of credit and other financial means to meet cash flow that is valued at

id value net of applicant's commitments for other contracts. The audited balance sheet
‘andlor banking reference certified by chartered accountant with her stamp, signature and
‘membership number shall be submitted by the bidder along with bi.

3, lines

Banking reference should contain in clear terms the amount that bank wil be in a position
to lend for ths work to the appicantimember of the Joint Venture/Consortum. In case the
Net Current Assets (as seen from the Balance Sheets) are negative, only the Banking
Feferences wil be considered. Otherwise the aggregate of the Net Current Assets and
submited Banking references willbe considered for working out the Liquid

‘The banking reference should be ffom a Scheduled Bank in India and it should not be
‘more than 3 months old as on date of submission of bids,

In Case of JV firms overall quidty of JV firm shall be assessed by arithmetic sum of
liquidity ofall members of JV.

2.6.1.30ther Criteria: Based on the nature of services required, type of contract and
‘other such considerations, the competent authority may include any other criteria as it
‘deems fin the minimum elgibity crteria for the qualification of bidders. A sample of
technical eneria has been atached in Annexure for ilustrative purposes,

2.6.2 Evaluation of Technical Bid

26.2.1 Bidders Credentials:

26.2.1.1 The bidder shall submit along withthe Bid document, documents in support
Of their claim to full the minimum eligibility teria as mentioned in the bid. In two packet
‘system of bidding, each bidder shall be assigned score for their technical bid. The score of
technical bid should be more than or equal to minimum qualifying marks as mentioned in
‘bid document. The system of assigning score shall be as per the bid document

2621.2 Each page of the copy of documents / certificates in support of credentials,
‘submited by the bidder, shall be selFattested by the bidder or authorized representative of,
the bidding frm. Selt-attestaion shall include signature, stamp and date (on each page)
Only, those documents will be considered for evaluating bid, which are duly sel-attested
above

262.13 The bidders shall submit an affidavit on a stamp paper tothe effect that all
the documents submitted by her along with her bid are true. This shall be mandatory in all
bids. 1 bbe summariy rejected if the bidder falls

swath te Bg

‘Alter opening the financial bid, the tender committee shall verify the credentials of the
bidder who is declared as the lowest bidder (L1) for their authenticty. In case the
credentials of Lt are not found t0 be in order, her bid. shall be treated as technically


B Eigiy of Biers and Bid Evaiaton

unresponsive and thus invalid. The process shall be repeated for the next higher bidder ti
the valid L1 is established. If any document (or copy thereof) submitted by a bidder is found
to be false / forged:

(2) The bidder / each partner / member of the bidding fim shall be liable to legal
‘actions apart from punitive actions, as decided by competent authority of Railways, In such
‘an eventualiy, the bid (bid) shall also be summary rejected

(©) Ifthe contract has already been awarded, or Letter of Acceptance (LOA) has been
'ssued and any, the contract shall be terminated, irespective ofthe stage of progress in
‘execution of the work. In such an eventualty, Security Deposit (SD), Performance
Guarantee (PG) and partial full payments otherwise due to the contractor, in respect ofthe
Partial / full work executed by the contractor, shal be forfeited by the Railways,

(6) Other punitive actions, lke banning the bidder and partners / members of the biding
fim for future dealings with indian Railways and / or the Government of India may also be
taken by the Raiiway / Govt of Inia authorities.

264 Evaluation of Financial Bid

‘The financial proposal shall be evaluated to determine the lowest bidder.
In-case, the evaluated financial offers of two or more technically qualified bidders are
Lowest and same, then the Bid of the bidder who is technically more sound (having scored
higher marks in evaluation of technical bid as per clause 2.6.1.3) shall be considered as,
the lowest. Ifthe marks in the evaluation of technical bids of the lowest bidders are also
found to be equal, then the bid of the bidder with the higher cumulative annual financial
turnover over the last three years and the current financial year shall be considered as the
lowest,

2.7 Application for Regi

2.7.4. Contracts for provision of services shall be entrusted for execution to contractors
Whose capabilities and financial status have been investigated and approved 10 the
Satisfaction of the Railway. For this purpose, @ lst of approved contractors for each
category of services may be maintained in the Railway. The said list is to be revised
periodically once ina year or so by giving wide pubic through advertisements etc.

‘A Contractor including a contractor who is already on the approved list shall apply to the
competent authoiy furnishing particulars regarding:

(2) her poston as an independent contractor specifying the organization available with
Setails or Partners / Staff employed with qualifications and experience;

(©) her capacity to undertake and carry out services satisfactorily as vouched for by a
responsibie official or frm, with details about the transport equipment, tools and plan's
‘tc, required for the work maintained by her,

(©) her previous experience of services rendered similar fo that to be contracted for, in
‘roo! of which original certificates or testimonials may be called for and their genuineness
verified, i needs be, by reerence tothe signatories thereof,

(her financial poston;

ration for Approved List of Vendors

2.72 An applicant shall clearly state the categories of services and the Area / Zone /
Division(s) /Distrits) in which she desires registration in the lst of approved contractors.

—_ Binfed Kawneer fry aay

| | bit fdr and id Evluton

2.7.3. The selection of contractors for enlistment inthe approved ist would be done by a
‘committee for cfferent value slabs as notified by Railway. The term for this approved lst to
be in force wil also be determined by the competent authority in Indian Railways,

2.7.4 An annual fee as prescribed by the Railway from time to time would be charged from
such approved contractors to cover the cost of Sending notices to them and clerkage for
bids ete

28 Right of Railway to Deal with Bids

‘The Railway reserves the right of not to invite bids for any of ralway servicels and
when Bids are called to accept a Bid in whole oF in part or reject any Bid or all
Bids without assigning reasons for any such action. The authority for the acceptance of
the Bid will rest with the Railway. It shall not be obligatory on the said authority to
‘accept the lowest Bid or any other Bid and no Bidders(s) shall demand any explanation
for the cause of rejection of their Bid nor the Railway to assign reasons for decining to
consider or reject any particular Bis

2.8.1 Ifthe bidder(s) deliberately gives / give wrong information in her / ther tender or
creates / create cicumstances for the acceptance of her their tender, the Raiway
reserves the right to reject such tender at any stage.

2.82 If the bidders) expire(s) after the submission of her / their tender or after the
‘acceptance of her / ther tender, the Railay shall deem such tender canceled. Ifa partner
‘of a fim expires after the submission of their tender or aftr the acceptance of their tender,
the Raitway shall deem such tender as cancelled, unless the firm retains ts character.
2.83. Ifthe bidder, whose bid has been found to be the lowest evaluated bid withdraws
for whose bid has been accepted, falls 1o sign the procurement contract a8 may be
required, or falls to provide the security as may be required for the performance of the
Contract or otherwise withdraws from the procurement process, the Procuring Entty shall
cancel the procurement process. Provided that the Procuring Entiy, on being satisfied
that itis nota case of cartelzation and the integriy ofthe procurement process hes been
‘maintained, may, for cogent reasons to be recorded in writing, offer the next successful
bidder an opportunity to match the financial bid of the fist successful bidder, and ifthe
fer is accepted, award the contract to the next successful bidder atthe price bid of the
fist successful ber. This clause shall not be applicable for Consultancy contracts.

(use Sroplo Vawar revelry)


P| £4 Documentation

Ill BID DOCUMENTATION

3.1 Bid (Tender) Form

Bid (Tender) Forms shall embody the contents of the contract documents ether
directly or by reference and shall be as per specimen form, Annexure ~ M. Eid
Forms shall be issued on payment ofthe prescribed fee to the appropriate contractors
(0 thelist of approved contractors. Contractors nat on thelist of approved contractors,
wil on payment of the prescribed fees, be furnished with Bid forms and they shall be
required to submit evidence regarding their nancial staus, previous expenence and
ablity to execute the works

MSES registered with District Industries Centres, Khadi and Vilage Industries
Commission, Khadi and Vilage Industries Board, Coir Board, National Smell Industries
Corporation, Directorale of Handicraft and Handloom, any other body spectiod by
Ministy of MSME or Startups as recognised by Department of Industrial policy &
Promotion shal! be supplied such Bid documents free of cast on confirmation
(photocopy! Xerox copy) of their evidence to this effect,

3.2 Omissions & Discrepancies

‘Should a Bidder find discrepancies in or omissions from the drawings or any ofthe Bid
Forms or should she be in doubt as to their meaning, she should at once noliy the
‘uthonty inviting Bidders who may send a writen instruction to all the Bidders. It shal
be understood that every endeavour has been made to avoid any error which can
materialy affect the basis of tender and successful Bidder shal take upon herself and
Provide forthe risk of any error which may subsequently be discovered and shall make
‘no subsequent claim on account thereot

3.3. Eamest Money

3.3.4 The Bidder shall be required to deposit eamest money with the Bid for the
‘due performance withthe stipulation to keep the offer open til such date as specified in
the Bid, under the conditions of Bid. The eamest money shall be as under ~

Value of the Work Earnest Money Deposit (EMD)

2) Forworks / services estimated to 2% ofthe estimated cost of the work
‘cost uptoRs. 1 crore

Dyer thw


[| 4 Documertaton

) For works! services estimated to Rs. 2 lakh plus 1% (half percent)
cost more than Rs. 1 crore fof the excess ofthe estimated cost
fof work beyond Rs. crore subject

to a maximum of Rs, 1 crore

‘+ The eamest money shall be rounded tothe nearest Rs.10. This eamest money shal
'be applicable forall modes of Bidding,

+ MSES registered with District Industries Centres, Khadi and Vilage Industies
Commission, Khadl and Vilage Industries Board, Coir Board, National Small
Industries Corporation, Directorate of Handicraft and Handloom, any other body
specie by Ministy of MSME or Startups as recognised by Department of
Industrial policy & Promotion shall be exempted from payment of minimum EMD
<etaled in the bi,

3.3.2 _ It shall be understood that the Bid documents have been soldissued to the
‘Bidder and the Bidder Is permitted to bid in consideration of stipulation on their part, that
after submiting her Bid she will not resile from her! their offer or modify the terms and
Conditions thereof in a manner not acceptable tothe Manager. Should the Bidder fal to
‘observe or comply withthe said stipulation, the aforesaid amount shall be liable to be
forfeited tothe Ralway.

3.3.3 If her Bid is accepted, this eamest money mentioned in sub clause 3.3.1
above willbe retumed to the successful bidder after the submission and verification of
the Performance Guarantees as per clause 4.11 ofthis General Conditions of Contract
The Eamest Money of other Bidders shal, save as herein before provided, be retumed
to them, but the Railay shall not be responsible for any loss or depreciation that may
happen thereto while in their possession, nor be lable to pay interest thereon,

3.3.4 The Eamest Money should be demanded in the form and manner as per the
latest instructions issued by tne Railway Board from time to time,

3.4. Care in Submission of Bids

3.41 Before submiting a Bid, the Bidder shall be deemed to have satisfied
herself by actual inspection of the site and localy of the services, that all conditions
lable to be encountered during the delivery of the services are taken into account
land that the rates she enters in the Bid forns are adequate and all-inclusive to
‘accord withthe provisions in Clause - 4.42 of the General Conditions of Contract for
the delivery of services tothe entice satisfaction of the Manager.

3.42 When the service is bidded for, by a fim or a company of contractors,
‘the Bid shall be signed by the individual legaly authorized to enter into commitments
on their behat.

3.43 Railway shall not be bound by any power of attorney granted by the Bidder or
by changes in the composition of the fim made subsequent to the execution of the
contract. it may, however, recognize such power of atlomey and changes after
‘obtaining proper legal advice, the cost of which wil be chargeable tothe contractor.


[| #4 Documentation

3.8 Execution of Contract Document

‘The Bidder whose bid is accepted shall be required to appear in person atthe office of
concerned Manager, as the case may be, or if afi or corporation, a duly authorized
Fepresentaive shall so appear and execute the contract document within 7 days
afer receipt of notice issued by the Railway that such documents are ready, and
failure to do so shal constitute a breach ofthe agreement affected by the acceptance of
the bid in which case the Railway may determine that such Bidder has abandoned
the contract and there upon her bid and acceptance thereof shall be treated as
cancelled and the Railway shall be entitled to fore the full amount of the Eamest
Money of the bid and performance guarantees for the bid available with the
Railway.

3.6 Form of Contract Document

Every contract shall be complete in respect ofthe document i shal so consitute. Not
less than 3 copies of the contract document shall be signed by the competent
‘authority and the contractor ~ one copy given to the contractor, one copy tor the
finance department and one copy for the contract manager. The form of contract
‘document shal be provided in he tenderfbid dacuments for every individual work,

imon Bid ang nt fo sod as Annoxuy


B Genaal Obtgations

Iv. GENERAL OBLIGATIONS

4.1 Execution Co-Relation and Intent of Contract Documents

‘The contract documents shall be signed in tiplicate by the Railway and the Contractor.
‘The contract documents are complementary and what is called for by anyone shall be
{8 binding as If called for by all, the intention ofthe documents i o Include all labour and
‘materials, equipment and transportation necessary for proper execution of the services.
Materials or works/services nol covered by or property inferable from any heading or cass
Of the specifications shall not be supplied by the Rallway to the contractors unless
distinctly specified in the contract documents. Materials or works/services described in
words which so appled have a weltknown technical or trade meaning shall be held 10
refer to such recognized standards.

41.4 Ifa service is transfered from the jurisdiction of one Railway to another Railway
or to a Project authority or vice versa while contract isin subsistence, the contract shall
be binding on the Contractor and the Successor RallwayiProject inthe same
manner & take effect in all respects as if the Contractor and the Successor
Rallway/Project were parties thereto from the inception and the corresponding officer oF
the Competent Authorty in the Successor Rallway/Project will exercise the same powers
{and enjoy the same authority as conferred to the Predecessor Railway/Projec under te
‘original contractiagreement entered into.

41.2 If for administrative or other reasons the contract is transferred to the
Successor Railway, the contract shall, notwithstanding any things ‘contained herein
Contrary there to, be binding on the Contractor and the Successor Railway in the same
manner and take effec in all respects as if the Contractor and the Successor Railway
had been parties thereto trom the date ofthis contract.

4.2 Law Governing the Contract

The contract shall be governed by the law forthe time being in force in the Repub of
india

421 Compliance to Regulations and Bye-Laws

‘The Contractor shall conform to the provision of any statute relating to the services and
regulations and bye-laws of any local authonty and of any water, drainage ‘and. hghing
companies or undertakings, with whose system the” services are proposed to be
Provided and shail before making any varation from the drawings or the specications

po Sp beg —

| ee

that may be necessitated by so confirming give to the Manager notice specifying the
Variation proposed to be made and the reason for making the variation and shall not
‘carry out such variation untl she has received insructions from the Manager in respect
thereof, The Contractor shall be bound to give all notices required by statute, regulations
‘or bye-laws as aforesaid and to pay al fees and taxes payable to any authoriy in respect
thereot

4.22 Communications to be In Writing

‘All notices, communication, reference and complaints made by the Railway or the
Manager or the Manager's Representative or the Contractor infer se conceming the
works! services shall be in witing and no notice, communication, reference oF
Complaint nat in writing shall be recognized.

4.3. Service of Notices on Contractors

“The Contractor shall fumish to the Manager the name, designation and address of her
authorized agent and all complaints, notices, communications and references shall be
‘deemed to have been duly given to the Contractor, if delivered to the Contractor or her
‘autnorised agent or left at or posted to the address so given and shall be deemed to
hhave been 0 given in the case of posting on day on which they would have reached
‘such address inthe ordinary course of post or onthe day on which they were so delivered
fr left In the case of contract by partners, any change in the constitution of the firm
‘hall be forthwith notified by the Contractor to the Manager.

44 Occupation and Use of Land

|No land belonging to oF in the possession of the Railway shall be occupied by the
‘Contractor without the permission ofthe Raiway. The Contractor shall not use, o allow to
bbe used, the site for any purposes other than that of executing, o° in relation to the
‘execution of the services,

4.5 Assignment or Subletting of Contract

‘The Contractor shall not assign or sublet the contract or any part thereof or allow any
parson to become interested therein in any manner whatsoever without the special
Permission in writing ofthe Rallway. Any breach ofthis condition shal entitle the Railway
{o rescind the contract under Clause 7.4 of these Conditions. and also render the
‘contractor lable or payment to the Railway in respect of any loss or damage arising or
‘ensuing from such cancellation. The permitted subletting of services by the Contractor
‘hall not establish any contractual relationship between the sub-contractor and the
allway and shall not relieve the Contractor of any responsibilty under the Contract,

46 Railway Passes

[No free Railway passes shall be issued by the Railway to the Contractor or any of her
‘employees! workers. Wherever required ‘aulhony for entering restricted area’ or ‘authorty
for on board services’ shall be provide.


| enera Obigatons

4.7 Carriage of Materials

No forwarding orders shall be issued by the Railway for the conveyance of Contracto’s
materials, tools and plant by Rail which may be required for use in the services and
the contractor shall pay ful freight charges at public tari rates therefor.

4.8 Representation on Site

‘The Contractor shal, when she is not personally present on the site of the work place,
keep a responsible agent during working hours who shall on receiving reasonable
notice, present herself to the Manager, and orders given by the Manager or the
Manager's representative to the agent shall be deemed to have the same force as if
they had been given to the Contractor. Before absenting hersel, the Contractor shall
fumish the name and address of her agent for the purpose ofthis clause and failure on
the part ofthe Contractor to comply with this provision at any time wil entite the Railway
to rescind the contract under Clause 7.4 of these Conditions.

4.9. Relics, Treasures, Lost and Found

{All god, siver, oil and other minerals of any description and all precious stones, coins,
{reasures, relcs antiques, lost and found etc. which shall be found in or upon the
site shall be the property of the Railway and the Contractor shall duly preserve the
‘same to the satisfaction of the Railway and shall from time to time deliver the same to
‘such person or persons as the Railway may appoint to receive the same,

4.10 Indemnity by Contractors

‘The Contractor shall indemnify and save harmless the Railway, from and against, all
actions, suit proceedings, losses, costs, damages, charges, claims and demands of
every rature and description brought or recovered against the Railways. by reason
‘of any act or omission of the Contractor, her agents or employees, in the execution of the
servicesivorks wherever applicable or in her guarding of the same. All sums payable
by way of compensation under any of these conditions shall be considered as
reasonable compensation to be applied to the actual loss or damage sustained, and
whether or not any damage shall have been sustained.

4.11. Performance Guarantee

4.11.1 Performance guarantee at arate of 10% of the contractual value shal be deposited
by the successful bidder. The successful bidder shall have to submit a Performance
Guarantee (PG) valuing 10% of the contract value in four separate pars of 2.5 % each of
the contract value, within 20 (tity) days from the date of issue of Letter of Acceptance
(LOA). Extension ofime for submission of PG beyond 30 (thity) days and upto the date
‘of submission of PG from the date of issue of LOA may be given by the Authority who is
‘competent to sign the contract agreement. However, @ penal interest of 15% per annum
shall be charged for the delay beyond 30 (thity days, Le. from 31" day after the date of
issue of LOA. In case the contractor falls to submit the requisite PG after 60 days from the
date of issue of LOA, a notice shall be served to the contractor to deposit the PG
immediately however not exceeding 90 days from the date of issue of LOA). In case the
Contractor fails to submit the requisite PG even after 90 days from the date of issue of
LOA, the contract shall be terminated duly foretng EMO and other dues, if any payable
‘against that contract. The failed contractor shall be debarred from participating in re-
tender for that work. in case 60" day is a bank holiday or office closure next working day


| > | Generel Obiations

should be considered as the last day for submission of the PGs. Decision of Authority
‘competent fo sign the Contract Agreement would be fina in case of any dispute

4.11.2 The value of PG to be submitted by the, contractor wil not change for variation
Upto 25% (either increase or decrease). In case during the course of execution, value
‘of the contract increases by more than 25% of the orginal contract value, an additional
Performance Guarantee amounting to 10% (five percent) for the excess value over the
‘original contract value shall be deposited in four equal parts by the contractor. On the
‘other hand, ifthe value of Contract decreases by more than 25% of the original contract
value, Performance guarantee amounting to 10% of the decrease in the contract value
shall be returned to contractor. The PG amount in excess of required PG for decreased
Contract value, available with relays shall be returned tothe contractor duly safeguarding
the interest of Raiways.

4.14.3 The applicable Performance Guarantee shall be calculated as per the revised
‘value ofthe contrat covering al variations upto the determination ofthe contact

4.11.4 If the penaty imposed exceeds 50% of the applicable maximum penalty (as per the
revised value of the contrac), a PG equivalent to 25% of the applicable PG shall be
forfeited. f the penalty imposed exceeds 75% of the applicable maximum penalty, a PG.
{equivalent to 50% of the applicable PG shal be forfeited. The PGs shall be encashed after
the completion ofthe contract.

4.11.8 The successful bidder shall submit the Performance Guarantees (PG) in any ofthe
following forms, amounting to 10% of the contract value —

(a) A deposit of cash:

(b) Irevocable Bank Guarantee;

(6) Government Securities including State Loan Bonds at 5% below the market value;

(€) Deposit Receipts, Pay Orders, Demand Drafts and Guarantee Bonds. These forms of
Performance Guarantee could be either of the Stale Bank of India or of any of the
Nationalized Banks;

{@) Guarantee Bonds executed or Deposits Receipts tendered by all Scheduled Banks;

{(), A Deposit in the Post Office Saving Bank:

{g) A Deposit in the National Savings Certificates;

{(h) Twelve years National Defence Certificates;

(i) Ten years Defence Deposits;

0) National Defence Bonds and

(&) Unit Trust Certificates at 5% below market value or atthe face value whichever isles.
Also, FDR in favour of FABCAO (tree from any encumbrance) may be accepted

‘Note - The instruments as listed above wil also be acceptable for Guarantees in case of

Mobiization Advance,

4.14.8 The Performance Guarantees shall be submitted by the successful bidder after the
Letter of Acceptance (LOA) has been issued, but before signing of the contract
‘agreement. These PGs shall be initally vaid upto the stipulated date of completion
‘and mainlenance peried, f any plus 60 days beyond that. In case, the time for
Completion of service gets extended, the contractor shall get the validly of PGs
textended to cover such extended time for completion and maintenance period, if any of
service plus 60 days.

Waste Stage Kanak,

B- btgatons

4.11.7 The Performance Guarantees (PGs) shall be released after physical completion
of the work service delivery based on ‘Completion Certificate’ issued by the competent
‘uthorty stating that the contractor has completed the assigned services in al respects,
salisfactonly and passing of final bill based on "No Claims Certificate” from the
contractor. In case any contract provides for warranty’ maintenance clause then 25 % of
the Performance Guarantee would be retained til the warranty’ maintenance period 1s
‘over anda certificate to that effec is issued by the Manager.

4.11.8 Whenever the contract is rescinded, the Performance Guarantees shall be
lencashed! forfeited. The balance work or services for the same shall be got done.
independenty without risk & cost of the filed contractor. The falled contractor shal be
debarted for a period of 2 years from the date of such rescindment from participating in
the bid which Includes delivery of balance services of faled contract. if the faled
Contractor is a Partnership fim, then every member! pariner of such @ firm shall be
barred for a period of 2 years from the date of such rescindment from participating in
the bid which includes delivery of balance services of failed contract in hisiher individual
‘capaciy

4.1.9 The Manager shall not make a claim under the Performance Guarantee except for
amounts to which the President of India is entitled under the contract (not
withstanding andior without prejudice to any other provisions in the. contract
agreement) in the event of—

(@) _ Failure by the contractor to extend the valty ofthe Performance Guarantee as
\escibed herein above, in which event the Manager may claim the ful amount of the
Performance Guarantee

(©) __Fallue by the contractor to pay President of India any amount due, either as
‘agreed by the contractor or determined under any of the -ClausesiConditions
Of the Agreement, within 30 days ofthe service of notice to this effect by Manager.

(© The Contract being determined or rescinded under provision of the GCC, the
Performance Guarantee shall be foreted in full and shall be absolutely atthe disposal
of the President of india.

4.2 Force Majeure

If at any time, during the continuance ofthis contact, the performance in whole or in part
by either pariy of any obigation under this contract shal be prevented or delayed by
‘reason of any war, hostity, acts of public enemy, cil commotion, sabotage, serous lose
or damage by fire, explosions, epidemics, strikes, lockouts or acts of God (hereinafter,
referred to events) provided, notice ofthe happening of any such event is given by ether
party to the other within 7 days from the date of occurrence thereof, nether party shall
by reason of such event, be entitled to terminate this contract nor shal either party
have any claim for damages against the other in respect of such. none
Performance or delay in performance, and works! services under the contract shal be
fesumed as soon as practicable after such event has come to an end or ceased to ex
land the decision of the Manager as to whether the works! services have been so
fesumed or not shall be final and conclusive, PROVIDED FURTHER thal if the
Performance in whole or in part of any obligation under this contract is prevented or
Selayed by reason of any such event fora period exceeding 120 days, either party may at
its option terminate the contract by giving notice tothe other party


|= | General Obtgatons

4.13 Illegal Gratification

4.13.1 Any bribe, commission, git or advantage given, promised or offered by or on
behalf to the Contractor or her partner, agent or servant or, anyone on her behalf, to
‘any offcer or employee of the Railway, or to any person on her behalf in relation to
‘obiaining oF execution ofthis or any other contract with the Railway shal, in adaltion to
‘any criminal liability which she may incur, subject contractor to the rescission of the
Contract and all other contracts with the Railway and to the payment of any loss or
‘damage resuling from such decision and the Rallway shall be eniiled to deduct the
amounts so payable ftom any moneys due to the Contractors) under this contract or
‘any other contracts wih the Railway.

4.132 The Contractor shall not lend or borrow from or have or enter into any
‘monetary dealings or transactions either directly or indirectly with any employee of the
Railway and if she shall do s0, the Railay shall be entitled fortnwth t0 rescind the
contract and all other contracts with the Raiway. Any question or dispute as to the
commission or any such offence or compensation payable to the Ralway under this
Clause shall be settled by the General Manager of the Railway, in such @ manner as
she shall consider ft & suffcient and her decision shall be final & conclusive. in the
‘event of rescission of the contract under this Clause, the Contractor wil not be paid any
‘compensation whatsoever except payments forthe work/ services rendered upto the d

of rescission

4.14 Contractor's Understanding

It is understood and agreed that the Contractor has, by careful examination, satisied
herself as to the nature, scope and location of the services, the type / character of
‘equipment and facities needed preliminary to, and during the progress of the services,
the general and local conditions, the labour conditions prevailing therein and all other
‘matters which can in any way affect the services under the contract.

4.45 Commencement of Services

‘The Contractor. shall commence the services within 15 days (unless. specified
‘otherwise after the receipt by her ofan order in writing to this effect from the Manager or
'85 directed by the Manager and shall proceed with the same with due expedition and
without delay

4.16 Accepted Programme

‘The Contractor shall submit schedule of delivery of services, the details of organisation
(in terms of labour and supervisors) plant and machinery that she intends to utlize (rom
time to time) for execution of the services. The programme of delivery of services
‘amended a8 necessary by discussions with the Manager, shall be treated as the agreed
programme of the delivery of services forthe purpose of this contract and the contractor
Shall endeavour to full this programme of delivery of services. The progress of
delivery of services shall be watched accordingly.

4.17 Compliance to Manager's Instructions

‘The Manager shall direct the order in which the several components ofthe services shal
be provided and the Contractor shall execute without delay all orders given by the


= btiatons

Manager from time to time: but the Contractor shall not be relieved thereby from
responsibilty forthe due performance of the services in all respects.

4.17.1 In cases, where performance or/and quality of services is/are found to be
issatisfactory, Manager or his representatives shall impose penalty as mentioned
in bid document, subject to cumulative penalty for such dissatistactory
Performance oriand quality of services does not exceeds. 10% of original contract
Value or as prescribed in the bid document.

4.18 Alterations to be Authorized

No alterations in or adltions to or omissions or abandonment of any part of the
Services shall be deemed authorised, except under instructions from the Manager, and
the Contractor shall be responsible to obtain such instructions in each and every case
In iting from the Manager.

4.19 Extra Services

‘Should services over and above those included in the contract require to be provided at
the site, the contractor shall have no right to be entrusted with the execution of such
works/services which may be carried out by another contractor or contractors or by
‘other means at the option of the Railway

4.20 Separate Contracts in Connection with Services

The Railway shall have the right to let other contracts in connection with the
works/services. The Contractor shall afford other contractors reasonable opportunity for
the storage of their materials and the execution of their worksiservices. and. shall
Properly connect and coordinate her work/services with theirs. If any part of the
Contractors works/services depends for proper execution or result upon the
works/services of another contractor(s), the Contractor shall inspect and promptly report
to the Manager any defects in such works) services that render it unsutable. for
‘such proper execution and results. The Contractors failure £0 to inspect and report
shall constitute an acceptance of the other contractor's work as ft and proper for the
Feception of her services, except as to defects which may develop inthe other
‘contractors work after the execution of her work

4.21 Instructions of Manager's Representative

‘Any instructons or approval given by the Manager's representative to Contractor in
‘connection with the services shall bind the Contractor as though it had been given by
the Manager provided always as folows —

(@) Failure of the Manager's representative to disapprove any work! services or
materials shall not prejudice the power of the Manager thereafter to disapprove such
services or material and o order the rectification thereof,

(©) I the Contractor shall be dlssatistied by reason of any decision of the Manager's
‘representative, she shall be entitled to refer the matter to the Manager who shall there
"upon confirm or vary such decision,


| | General btgatons

4.22 Adherence to Specifications and Drawings

The whole of the works! services shall be executed in perfect conformity with the
‘specifications and procedures (and drawings, wherever applicable) of the contrac. If
Contractor performs any ac in a manner contrary tothe specications or drawings or any
‘of them and without such reference to the Manager, she shall bear all the costs arising
‘or ensuing therefrom and shall be responsible frail oss tothe Raway.

4.22.1 Drawings and Specifications of the Works: The Contractor shall keep one
‘copy of procedures and Specifications at the site, In good order, and such contract
documents as may be necessary, avallable to the Manager or the Manager's
Representative.

4.222 Ownership of Proprietary Information and Specifications: All procedures,
documents, drawings, processes and specifications and copies thereof furnished by the
Railway to the Contractor are deemed to be the property’ proprietary information of the
Railway. They shall not be copied, distributed, published, used in any
form or on other services. With the exception of the signed contract set, all such
documentation in hard copy or soft copy format and other material, shall be
retumed by the Contractor tothe Railway, on completion termination of the Contract.

4.223 Compliance with Contractor's Request for Details: The Manager shall furnish
with reasonable prompiness, after receipt by her of the Contractors request for the
same, additional instructions by means of procedures, spectications or otherwise,
necessary for the proper execution of the services or any part thereot. Al such
Procedures, specifications and instructions shall be consistent with the Contract
Documents and reasonably inferable therefrom.

4.224 Meaning and Intent of Specification and Drawings: if any ambiguity arises
48 to the meaning and intent of any portion of the procedures, specications and
drawings or as to execution or quality of any services or material, or as to the
measurements of the services the decision of the Manager thereon shall be final
‘subject to the appeal (within 7 days of such decision being inimated to the
Contractor) to the Chief Manager who shall have the power to correct any erors,
‘omissions, or discrepancies in aforementioned items and whose decision in the matter in
dispute or doubt shall be final and conclusive

4.23 Working Timings

‘The Contractor shall have to cary out any required services round the clock as
per directions of the Manager! Managers representative.

4.24 Damage to Railway Property or Private Life and Property

‘The Contractor shall be responsible for all_risk involved in the services rendered and
for trespass and shall make good at her own expense all loss or damage whether to
the works/services themselves or to any other property of the Rallway or the lives,
persons or property of others from whatsoever cause in connection with the and this
although all reasonable and proper precautions may have been taken by the
Contractor. and in case the Railway shall be called upon to make good any costs,
loss. or damages, or to pay any compensation, including that payable under the
provisions ofthe Workmen's Compensation Act or any stalulory amendments thereof


| = | General obigaons

to any person or persons sustaining damages as aforesaid by reason of any act, or any,
negigence or omissions on the part of the Contractor: the amount of any costs
‘or charges including costs and charges in connection with legal proceedings, which the
Railway may incur in reference thereto, shall be charged to the Contractor. The
Railway shal have the power and right to pay or to defend or compromise any
claim of threatened legal proceedings or in anticipation of legal proceedings being
insituted consequent onthe action or default ofthe Contractor, to take such steps as
‘may be considered necessary or desirable to ward off or mitigate the effec of such
proceedings, charging to Contractor, as aforesaid, any sum or sums of money which
‘ay be paid and any expenses whether for reinstatement or otherwise which may be
‘incurred and the propriety of any such payment. defense or compromise, and the
incurring of any such expenses shall not be called in question by the Contractor.

4.25 Sheds, yards and Store Houses

‘The Contractor shall at her own expense provide herself with sheds, yards and
storehouses in such situations and in such numbers as in the opinion of the
Manager is requisite for carrying on the services and the Contractor shall keep. at
ach such sheds, yards and store-houses a sufficient quantity of materials! plant in
stock as not to delay the carrying out of the services with due expedtion and the
Manager and the Managers representative shall have free access to the said
sheds/yards/ store houses at any time for the purpose of inspecting the’ stock of
‘materials or plant so kept in hand, and any materials or plant which the Manager
‘may object to shail not be brought upon oF used in the services, but shall be forth
Femoved from the shedsiyards/store houses by the Contractor.

4.26 Provision of Efficient and Competent Staff at Sites by the
Contractor

4.26.4 The Contractor shall maintain efficient and competent staff to give the necessary
direcions to her workers and to see that they provide their services in proper and
desirable manner and shall employ only such Supervisors, workers & labour In of
‘about the execution of any of these services as are careful and skilled in the various
‘trades. Daly record of such supervisors and labour shall be maintained.

4.26.2 The Contractor shall at once remove from the site any agents, permitted sub-
Contractor, supervisor, worker or labour who shall be objected to by the Manager, If and
Whenever required by the Manager, she shall submit a correc return showing the
names ofall staf and workers employed by her.

4.26.3 In the event of the Manager being of the opinion that the Contractor is not
employing on the services a sufficient number of staff and workers as is specifed of
ctherwise for proper execution of the services within the prescribed procedure and time,
the Contracior shall forthwith on receiving intimation to this effect deploy the addtional
‘umber of staff and labour as specified by the Manager immediately and failure on the
part of the Contractor to comply with such instructions wil entite the Raway to rescind?
penalize the contract under sutable clauses of these/special conditions.

4.264 Deployment of Qualified Supervisors by the Contractor
(@) The contractor shall also employ qualited supervisors based on value of the
Contract and the extent of services as prescribed in the Bid documents as ‘Special
Conaitions of Contract by the Tender Inviting Authority


| = | ener Obigatons

(®) In case the contractor falls to employ the supervisor, as aforesaid in the above
paragraph, she shall be liable to pay penalty at the rates, as may be prescribed by the
Ministry of Railways through separate instructions from time to time forthe default period
for the provisions, as contained inthis section ar as provided form the bid document

(2 Number of qualified supervisors required to be deployed by the Contractor for
Various activiies contained in the service contract shall be specified in the tender
documents by the tender inviing author.

4.27 Skilled Labour! Expertise and Testing

‘The whole of the services and/or supply of materials specified and provided in the
contractor that may be necessary to be done in order to form and complete any. part
thereof shall be executed in the best and most substantial workers with expertise
‘and in a workman like manner with materials of the best and most approved quality of
their respective kinds, agreeable to the particulars contained in or implied by the
‘specifiations and as referred to in and represented by the drawings or in such
‘ther additonal particulars, instructions and drawings may be found requiste to be
given during the carting on of the services and to the enlre satisfaction of the
Manager according to the instructions and directions which the Contractors may from
time to time receive from the Manager. The materials may be subjected to tests by

instruments and appliances as the Manager may direct and

‘Contractor

4.28 Removal of Improper Materials/ Tools and Plant

‘The Manager or the Manager's Representative shall be entiled to order from time to
time

(2) _ The removal from the site within the time speciied in the order of any materials
which in their opinion are notin accordance with the procedures! specications

(©) The substution of proper and suitable materials tools and plants, ana

(©) In case of detault on the part of the Contractor in carying out such order, the
Railway shall be ented to rescind the contract under Clause 7.4 of these conditions.

4.29 Facilities for Inspection

‘The Contractor shall aford the Manager and the Manager's Representative every facility,
for entering in and upon every portion of the site at all hours for the purpose of
inspection or otherwise and shall provide all facities of every kind required for the
purpose and the Manager and the Managers Representative shal tall times have free
access to every part ofthe site and to all places at which materials / tools and plant for
the services are stored or being prepared,

4.30 Temporary Works

‘All temporary works necessary forthe proper execution of the services shall be provides
‘and maintained by the Contractor and subject to the consent of the Manager shal be


B General Obigatons

‘removed by her at her expenses when they are no longer required, and in such manner,
{8 the Manager shall direct. In the event of failure on the part of the Contractor {0
‘emove the temporary works, the Manager wil cause them to be removed and cost a5
increased by supervision and other incidental charges shall be recovered from the
Contractor. If temporary huts are provided by the Contractor on the Railway land for
labour engaged by her for the execution of services, the contractor shall arrange for
handing over vacant possession of the said land after the service Is completed. if the
contractor's labour refuse to vacate, and have o be rejected by the Raitway,
necessary expenses incurred by the Raway in connection therewith shall be bomé
by the Contractor.

4.31 Contractor to Supply Water for Works/ Services

4.311 Water Supply From Railway System: The Railway may supply to the
Contractor part or whole of the quantity of the water required for the execution of
services from the Railway's existing water supply system at or near the ste of services
‘on ‘species terms and conditions and free of cost (unless. speciied otherwise)
Provided that the Contractor shall arrange, at her own expense, 10 effect the
Connections and lay additional pipe lines and accessories on the site and that the
Contractor shall not be entitled to any compensation for interruption of failure of the
water supply

4.31.2 In case the Railway is unable o provide water forthe services, the contractor shall
be responsible forthe arrangements of supply of water necessary for ihe services,

4.32 Contractor to Arrange Supply of Electric Power for Services

4.321 Electric Supply From The Railway System: The Railway may supply to the
Contractor pat or whole ofthe electric power wherever avaiable and possible, required
for execution of services from the Railway's existing lecc. supply systems. on
‘specified terms and conditions free of cost (unless otherwise ‘specined) only for the
Services rendered provided the cost of arranging necessary connections shall be borne
by the Contractor and that the Contractor shall not be entitled to any compensation for
interruption oF fare ofthe electric supply system

4.32.2. In case the Railway is unable to provide electric forthe services, the contractor
shall be responsible for the arrangemenis of supply of electricity necessary tor the
services.

4.33 Property in Materials and Plant

[The materiais and plant brought by the Contractor upon the ste or on the land occupied
by the Contractor in connection with the services and intended to be used forthe
execution thereof shall immediately, as they are brought upon the site ofthe said lan
‘be deemed to be the property ofthe Railway. Such of them as during the progress of ne
services are rejected by the Manager under Cause 4.26 of these conditons or are
eclared by her not to be needed for the execution of the services or such as on the
grant of the certificate of completion remain unused, shall immediately on such rejection
declaration or grant cease to be deemed the property ofthe Railway and the Contractor
‘may then (but not before) remove them from the site or the said land. Ths clause shall
Not in any way diminish the Wabity ofthe Contractor nor shall the Railway be av any

Crcie Sh je tae well 6a) 7

|= | ConerlObiatons

way answerable for any oss or damage which may happen to or in respect of any such
materials or plant either by the same being lost, stolen, injured or destroyed by fre,
tempest or otherwise,

4,34 Tools, Plant and Materials Supplied by Railways

‘The Contractor shall take all reasonable care of all fools, plant and materials or other
property whether of alike description or not belonging to the Railway and commited to
her charge for the purpose of te services and shall be responsible for all damage or
loss caused by her, her agents, permitted subcontractor, or her workers or others while
they are in her charge. The Contractors shall sign accountable receipts for tools, plants
‘and materials made over to her by the Manager and on completion of the services shall
hand over the unused balance of the same to the Manager in good order and repair,
fair wear and tear excepted, and shall be responsible for any failure to account for the
same or any damage done thereto,

4.35 Hire of Railways’ Plant

‘The Railway may hire to the Contractor such plant/ machinery as DG sets, portable
engines, pumps ete. for use during execution ofthe services on such terms as may be
‘Specified in the special conditions orn a separate agreement for Hie of Plant

4.36 Precaution During Progress of Services

During the execution of services, unless otherwise specified the Contractor shall at her
‘own cost provide the materials for and execute all services as is necessary for the
Safety, hygiene, salstacion, elegance, accepance, proper handling of assets and shall
tensure that no damage, injury or los is caused or likely to be caused to any person or
assets or hindrance to other works / services.

4.37 Roads and Water Courses

Existing roads or water courses shall not be blocked, cut through, altered,
‘obstructed in any way by the Contractor, except withthe permission ofthe Mar
‘compensations ‘claimed for any unauthorized closure, cutting through, alteration,
diversion or obstruction to such roads or water courses by the Contractor or her agent
‘or her staff shall be recoverable from the Contractor by deduction from any sums which
‘may become due to her in terms of contact, or otherwise according to law.

4.38 Provision of Access to Premises

During progress of services in any street or thoroughfare, the Contractor shall_ make
‘adequate provision for the passage of traffic, for securing sae access to all premises
‘approached from such street or thoroughfare and for any drainage, water supply or
means of lighting which may be interrupted by reasons of the execution of the
Services and shall react and maintain at her own cost barriers, lights and other
safeguards as prescribed by the Manager, for the regulation of the traffic, and
provide watchers necessary to prevent accidenis.


ey General Obtgatons

4.39 Safety of Public

‘The Contractor shail be responsible to take all precautions to ensure the safety of
the public whether on public or Railway property and shall post such look out, such
persons as_may, in the opinion of the Manager, be required to comply with
Fegulations apperaining tothe service,

4.40 Use of Explosives
'No explosives shall be used forthe services rendered or onthe site by the Contractor.
4.41 Suspension of Services

4.41.1The Contractor shall on the order of the Manager, suspend the progress of the
Services or any part thereof for such time or times and in such manner as the Manager
‘may consider necessary, and shall during such suspension, properly protect and secure
‘the work so far as is necessary in the opinion ofthe Manager.

Hf such suspension is —

|. Provided for in the contract, or

ii Necessary for the proper execution ofthe services or by the reason of extraneous
oneltions or by some default onthe part ofthe Contractor, and or

li, Necessary forthe safety ofthe services or any part thereof

4.41.2 The Contractor shail not be ented to the extra costs, # any, incurred by her
‘during the period of suspension of the service, but in the event of any suspension
‘ordered by the Manager for reasons other than aforementioned and when each such
pPefod of suspension exceeds 14 days, the Manager shall extend the time of service for
Completion of the services as the Manager may consider proper, having regard to the
Period or periods of such suspensions and to such compensations as the Manager may
Consider reasonable in respect of salaries or wages paid by the Contractor to her
‘employees! workers during the periods of such suspension,

4.41.3 Suspension Lasting More Than 3 Months: Ifthe progress of the services or
‘any part thereof is suspended on the order of the Manager for more than three months
at @ time, the Contractor may serve a written notice on the Manager requiring
Permission within 15 days from the receipt thereof fo proceed withthe service or that part
‘hereof in regard to which progress is suspended and if such permission is nol granted
within that time the Contractor by further wntten notice so served may, but isnot bound to,
lect fo treat the suspension where it affects part only of the service as an omission of
‘such part or where it affects the whole ofthe services, as an abandonment ofthe contract
by the Raina,

4.42 Rates for Items of Services

‘The rates, entered in the accepted Schedule of Rates of the Contract are intended to
Brovide for services duly and properly completed in accordance with the General and
Special (f any) Conditions “of the Contract and’ the Specifications! procedures
‘pecifed in the contract document including. drawings wherever applicable along with al
labour, materials, tools, and plans ete

SESS eye

uywie_—

=| Genera Obigatons

4.421 Rates for Extra Items of Services: Any additional tem of work carried
‘out by the Contractor on the instructions of the Manager which is not included in the
accepted Schedules of Rates shall be executed at the rate agreed upon between the
Manager and the Contractor before the execution of such items of work.

‘The Contractors shall be bound to notify the Manager at least seven days before the
necessity arises for the execution of such items of works that the accepted Schedule of
Rates does not include rate or rates for the extra work involved,

‘The rates payable for such items shall be decided atthe meeting to be held between the
Manager and Contractor, in as short a period as possible afer the need for the special
item has come tothe notice. In ease the Contractor fais to atlend the meeting after being
‘notified to do so or in the event of no settlement being arrived at, the Railway shall be
entitled 10 execute the extra works by other means and the Contractor shall have no
claim for loss or damage that may resul from such procedure.

1442.2 Provided that if the Contractor commences work of incurs any expenditure in
regard thereto before the rates as determined and agreed upon as lasly hereuntofore
‘mentioned, then and in such a case the Contractor shall only be entiled to be paid in
respect of the services carried out or expenditure incured by her prior to the date of
‘determination ofthe rates as aforesaid according to the rates as shall be fixed by the
Manager. However, ifthe Contractor is not satisfied with the decision of the Manager in
{this respect, she may appeal to the Chief Manager within 30 days of getting the
decision ‘of the Manager, supported by analysis of the rates claimed. The Chief
Manager's decision after hearing both the partes in the matter would be final and binding
‘on the Contractor and the Railway.

4.43 Clearance of Site on Completion

(On completion of the services, the Contractor shall clear away and remove from the
site all fools /plants and surplus materials, rubbish and temporary works of every kind
{and leave the whole of the site clean to the saistaction of the Manager. No final
payment in settlement of the accounts for the services shal be paid, held to be due or
Shall be made to the, Contractor til, in adalion to any other condition necessary for
final payment, site clearance shall have been affected by her, and such clearance
may be made by the Manager at the expense of the Contractor inthe event of her
failure to comply with this provision within 7 days ater receiving notice to that effect,

‘Should it become necessary for the Manager to have the site cleared atthe expenses of
the Contractor, the Railway shall not be held fable for any loss or damage to such of
the Contractors property as may be on the site and due to such removal, there from
which removal may be affected by means of pubic sales of such materials and
Property or in such a way as deemed ft and convenient to the Manager.

4.44 Digital Contract Labour Management System

‘A comprehensive computerized contract labour management system for creating a
atabase and monitoring atendance is crucial for efficient performance and for
‘safeguarding workers’ welfare. Tis system shall be put in place by the contractor or by
Indian Railways, as decided by the Railways and as per the special conditions of contract.
Use of this system shall be mandatory in labour intensive service contracts Le

GCC for Seryeys, 204 Wie (es Sale Watrel)| hry) —


[=| General Obigations

housekeeping et. In other service contracts, a special mention ofthe applicability ofthis
clause shall be made inthe special conditions of the contract.

‘The important features ofthe computerized contract labour management system shall be
as follows =

+ Database ~ Maintenance of certified identification and demographic details for
Contract workers ~ A detailed biodata of each contract worker shal be saved in the
system with details like — personal, educational, family. hometown, poli
verification, medical, insurance, PF registration etc,

+ Certified identication — identiication data issued by Govemment or reliable
‘agencies lke Nation ID (Aadhar Card), Voters ID, driving license, PAN card et. 1
be stored in the application,

+ Identity Card generation ~ An identity card with details like site, ood group,
Photographs can be incorporated on the card, along with @ colour band based on
the category of labour

+ Biometric details ike — photograph, fingerprint, iis-map to be stored in the
system for authentic identification of contract workers. Biometric authotzaion is @
reliable method to curb Proxy Attendance.

+ Attendance data — All enties and exits to be recorded in time and attendance
‘machines — using fingerprints or proxy card. Anather attendance in between the
fenity and final ext can also be recorded, on ease by case basis, if deemed
necessary.

+ Restricted Entry ~ A contract worker can be denied entty on infringement of any
val requirement tke expiry of medical or accident Insurance, driving license,
Contract terms, work permit dates et.

‘+ Shift Logic ~ The system can be used to manage the shi logic - so that overtime,
double shit it any can be logged in the system and systemic restrictions can be
placed to prevent double shits, unless Railway supervisor approves the request
dighalyitnerwse,

+ Time sheet generation ~ Time sheets shall be generated on a daily, weekly or
‘monthly basis or any other frequency as specified by the Indian Railways.

‘+ Consumables ~ Material issued to or retummed by contract worker is recorded in
the system, as applicable (optional)

+ Safety, Performance and Labour Law training - The dates of safely,
Performance and labour law training to be stored inthe system which can raise a
alert when a refresher training is due.

Incase of Emergency ~

‘+ Who's where — in case of an emergency and disaster recovery itis important and
the application provides the count and location of contract workers.

*+ Alerts - Pre-defined email and SMS alerts, notifications and exception reports can
‘be generated which can be utlized by Raltways staf. supervisors ete to manage.
service contracts efficient.

4.45 Environmental Requirements

‘The Contractor shal. when working on the Premises, perform is obligations under the
Contract in accordance withthe Indan Railways environmental policy, which is to conserve
energy, water, wood, paper and other resources, reduce waste and phase out the use of
‘ozone depleting substances and minimise the release of greenhouse gases, volatile organic
‘Compounds and other substances damaging to health and the environment

a rn Mrolean) —


| = | General Obigatons

4.46 Data Protection

448. Where the Contractor is processing Personal Data, as a Data Processor for
the Indian Raiways, the Contractor shal:

(8) Process the Personal Data only in accordance with instructions from Indian Ralways
(which may be specif instructions or instructions of a general nature) as set out in this
Contractor as othenvise notied by Indian Railways;

(©) Comply wih a applicable laws,

(©) Process the Personal Data only tothe extent; and in such manner as is necessary for
the provision ofthe Provider's obligations under this Contractor as is required by Law
or any Regulatory Body,

(@) Implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect the Personal
Data against unauthorized or unlawful Processing and against accidental loss,
estruction, damage, aeration or disclosure. These measures shall be appropriate 10
the harm which might result from any unauthorized or unlawful Processing, accidental
loss, destruction or damage fo the Personal Oata and having regard to the nature of
the Personal Data which isto be protected:

(@) Take reasonable steps to ensure the reliably ofits staff and agents who may have
‘access tothe Personal Data

(© Obtain prior written consent from the Authorty inorder to transfer the Personal Data to
‘any sub-contractor forthe provision of the Services;

(@) Not cause or permit the Personal Data to be transfered, stored, accessed, ewed or
processed outside of India without the prior writen consent of the Indian Raiways

(@) Ensure that all staff and agents required to access the Personal Data are informed of
the confidential nature ofthe Personal Data and comply wth the obligations set out in,
this clause

(Ensure that none of the staf and agents publish disclose or divulge any of the
Personal Data to any third parties unless directed in writing to do so by the Railways

Not disclose Personal Data to any third parties in any circumstances other than with
the written consent of the Ralways or in compliance witha legal obligation imposed
‘upon the Railways; and

4.46.2 Noliy the indian Railways (within fve Working Days) fit receives:

42) a request from a Data Subject to have access to that person's Personal Data
b)_@ complaint or request relating othe Indian Railways’ obligations under the law,

4.48.3 The provision of this clause 4.48 shall apply during the Contract Period and
indefinitely afterits expiry

4.47 Intellectual Property Rights

4.474 All intelectual Property Rights in any guidance, specications, instruction, toolkits,

pans, data, drawings, databases, software, patents, pattems, models, designs or other
‘material (the "WP Materials’)

'2) furnished to or made available fo the Contractor by or on behalf of the Railways
‘shall remain the property ofthe Railways: and

oy ai See Wand) Mery —

[=| General Obigaons

) prepared by or forthe Contractor on behalf of the Ralways for use, or intended
Use, in relation to the performance by the Contractor of ts obligations under the Contract
shall belong tothe Railways:

‘and the Contractor shall not, and shall ensure that the Staff shall not, (except when
necessary for the performance ofthe Contract) without pror Approval, use of disclose any
Inelectual Property Rights in the IP Materials.

447.2 The Contractor hereby assigns to the Railways, with full ttle guarantee, all
Intellectual Property Rights which may subsist in the IP Materials prepared in accordance
with clause 4.47.1 (b). This assignment shall take effect on the dato ofthe Contract or as a
Present assignment of future ights that will take effect immediately on the coming into
‘existence of the intelectual Property Rights produced by the Contractor. The Contractor
shall execute all documentation necessary to execute this assignment.

4.47.3 The Contractor shall waive or procure a waiver of any moral rights subsisting in
Copyright produced by the Contract or the performance ofthe Contract

4.47.4 The Contractor shall ensure that the third-party owner of any Intellectual Property
Rights that are or which may be used to perform the Contract, grants to the Railways &
‘non-exclusive licence or, i itself a licensee of those rights, shail grant fo the Railways an
‘authorised subsicence, fo use, reproduce, modify, develop and maintain the Inellectal
Property Rights in the same. Such licence or subsicence shall be non-exclusive,
perpetual, royalty free and inevocable and shall include the right forthe Railways to sub
license, transfer, novate or assign to other Contracting Authorities, the Replacement
Contractor orto any other third party supplying services tothe Railways,

This is pariculary relevant to any digital contract management system developed for
Indian Railways as per clause 4.44,

4.47.5 The Contractor shall not infinge any Intellectual Property Rights of any third party
in supplying the Services and the Contractor shal, during and after the Contract Period,
indemnity and keep indemnified and hold the Raways harmless ffom and against al
actions, suits, claims, demands, losses, charges, damages, casts and expenses and other
liabities which the Railways may suffer or incur as @ result of or in connection with any
breach of this clause,

4.47 The Railways shall notify the Contractor in writing of any claim or demand brought
against the Railways for infringement or alleged infringement of any Intellectual Property
Right in materials supplied or leensed by the Contractor.

4.47.7 The Contractor shal atts own expense conduct al negotiations and any litigation
arising in connection with any claim for breach of intellectual Property Rights in materials
‘supplied or icensed by the Contractor, provides always thatthe Contractor:

(@ shalt consut the Railways on all substantive issues which arise during the conduct
‘of such itgation and negotiations,

(©) shall take due and proper account ofthe interest ofthe Ratways: and

(©) shall not setle or compromise any claim without the Raliways’ prior writen consent
(not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed).

447.8 The Railways shall atthe request of the Contractor afford to the Contractor all
‘reasonable assistance for the purpose of contesting any claim or demand made or action

Co pa, Hl

B General obigatons

brought against the Railways or the Contractor by a third party for intingement or alleged
Infingement of any third party Intellectual Property Rights in connection with the
performance of the Contractors obligations under the Contract and the Contractor shall
Indemnity the Railways forall costs and expenses (including, but no limited to, legal costs
‘and disbursements) incurred in doing so.

4.479 If a claim, demand or action for infringement or alleged infingement of any
Intellectual Property Right is made in connection with the Contractor in the reasonable
‘pinion of the Contractor is likely to be made, the Contractor shall notify the Railways and,
alts own expense and subject to the consent of the Railways (not to be unreasonably
‘withheld or delayed), use its best endeavours to:

(2}____modity any oral ofthe Services without reducing the performance or functionality
‘of the same, or substitule atlerative Services of equivalent performance and functionality,
50 a8 to avoid the infringement or the alleged infringement, provided thatthe provisions
herein shall apply mutates mutandis to such modified Services or to the substitute
Services: of

(b) procure a licence to use and supply the Services, which are the subject of the
Alleged infringement. on terms which are acceptable tothe Railways,

‘and in the event thatthe Contractor is unable to comply with sub-clauses (a) or (b) above
within twenty Working Days of receipt of the Contractor's notication the Railways may
terminate the Contract with immediate effect by notice in weting

447.10 The Contractor grants to the Railways a royaly-tee, ievocable and non-
‘exclusive license (with a right to sub-license) to use any Intellectual Property Rights that
the Contractor owned or developed prior to the Commencement Date and which the
Ralways reasonably requices in order exercise ks rights and take the benef of this
Contract including the Services provided.

aysSo. _Sepolnn*” Lott) Sep


[= | Vatiaton, Measurement and Payments

V. VARIATIONS, MEASUREMENT AND PAYMENTS.

54 Extension of Time

‘Subject to any requirement inthe contract as to completion of any portions or potions of
the works before completion of the whole, the contractor shall fully and finaly complet the
‘whole of the works comprised in the contract (with such modifications as may be directed
lunder conditions of this contract) by the date entered in the contract of extended date in
terms ofthe folowing clauses. However, care may be taken to ensure thatthe extension in
service contracts (other than Consultancy contracts) is on the ground that new contract
has not been finalized,

5.11 Extension Due to Modification
any modifications nave been ordered which in the opinion of the Manager have
material increased the magnitude of the services, then such extension ofthe contracted
date of completion may be granted as shall appear tothe Manager to be reasonable inthe
Circumstances, provided moreover thatthe Contractor shall be responsible for requesting
such extension of the date as may be considered necessary as soon as the cause thereat
‘shal rise and in any case not less than one month before the expiry ofthe date fixed for
Completion of he services.

5.1.2 Extension for Delay Not Due to Railways or Contractor

In the opinion ofthe Manager, the progress of services has any time been delayed by
‘any actor neglect of Railway's employees or by other contractor employed by the Railway
under Ciause 4.20 ofthese Conditions or in executing the work’service not forming part of
the contract but on which contractor's performance necessariy depends of by reason of
roceeding taken or threatened by or dispute with adjoining or to neighboring owners. oF
Public authonty arising otherwise through the Contractor's own default ete. or by the delay
authorized by the Manager pending arbitration or in consequences of the contractor not
having received in due time necessary instrucions from the Railway for which she shall
hhave specially applied in writing to the Manager or her authorized representative then
‘upon happening of any such event causing delay, the Contractor shall immediately give
otice thereof in wrting to the Manager within i5 days of such happening, but shall
evertheless make constantly her best endeavours to bring down or make’ good the
Services and shal do all hat may be reasonably required of her tothe satisfaction of the
Manager to proceed with the services.

‘The contractor may also indicate the period for which the services is likely to be delayed
‘and shall be Bound to ask for necessary extension of time. The Manager on receipt of
‘Such request from the contractor shall consider the same and shall grant such extension of
time as in her opinion is reasonable having regard tothe nature and period of delay and


[= | \Vataon, Messen and Payments

the type and quantum of work afacted thereby. No other compensation shal be payable
for works so carried forward {o the extended period of time, the same rates, terms and
Conditions of contract being applicable as if such extended period of time was originally
Provided inthe original contract tse

541.3 Extension for Delay Due to Railways

In the event of any failure or delay by the Railway, to hand over the Contractor possession
‘ofthe site necessary forthe execution of the services, or to give the necessary notice to
‘commence the services, orto provide the necessary drawings or instructions or any other
delay caused by the Railway due to any other cause whatsoever, then such failure or
delay shall in no way affect or viiate the contractor alter the character thereot or entile
the contractor to damages or compensation therefore, but in any such case, the Raiway
‘may grant such extension or extensions of the completion date as may be considered
reasonable.

5.2 Extension of Time for Delay Due to Contractor

6.2.1 The ime and uninterupted delivery of services shall be deemed to be the essence
of the contract andthe service must be completed not later than the date(s) as spectied in
the contract. Ifthe contractor fails to complete the services within the tme/manner as
specified inthe contrac forthe reasons other than the reasons specified in Clause 5.1, the
alway may, satisfied that the service delvery can be completed by the contractor
within reasonable short ime thereafter, alow the contractor for further extension of time as.
the Manager may decide. On such extension, the Ralway willbe entitled without prejudice
to any other right and remedy available on that behalf, fo recover from the contactor as
‘agreed damages and not by way of penalty @ sum equivalent to 0.10% of the contract
value ofthe service for each week or part ofthe week.

6.2.2 For the purpose ofthis clause, the contract value ofthe services shall be taken as
Value as per contract agreement including any supplementary contract agreement issued.
Provided also that the total amount of liquidated damages under this condition, shal not
‘exceed 5% in lieu, competent authorty while granting extension to the currency of
‘contract under Clause 5.2 of GCC may also consider levy of token penalty, as deemed ft
‘based on the mer ofthe caseof total value ofthe contract

‘not limit Indian Railways from ny penalies under other
‘rovisions and such penalies will be applicable concurrent.

‘Provided further, that f the Railway is not satisfied thatthe service can be completed by
the Contractor and in the event of failure on the part of the contractor to complete the
service within further extension of time alowed as aforesaid, the Railway shall be entiled
without prejudice to any other right or remedy available in that behalf, to appropriate the
contractors Performance Guarantee and rescind the contract under Clause 7.4 of these
Conditions, whether or not actual damage is caused by such defautt

5.3 Modification to Contract to be in Writing

In the event of any of the provisions of the contract requiring to be modified after the
contract documents have been signed, the modifications shall be made in wing and
signed by the Rallway and the Contractor and no service shall proceed under such
‘modifications until this has been done.


@ Vanaton, Measurement and Payments

‘Any verbal or written arrangement abandoning, modifying, extending, reducing or
supplementing the contract or any ofthe terms thereof shal Be deemed concitional and
shall not be binding on the Railway unless and unti the same is incorporated in a formal
instrument and signed by the Raiway and the Contractor. and til then the Railway shall
hhave the ight fo repudiate such arrangements

5.3.1 Powers of Modification To Contract: The Manager on behalf of the Ralway
shall be entitled by order in win to enlarge or extend, diminish or reduce the services oF
make any alterations in their design, character postion, se, quantities, dimensions oF
in the method of their execution or in the combination and use of materials for the
{execution thereof oF to order any adeltional service to be done or any services not to
be done and the contractor wil not be entitled, to any compensation for any
‘ncreaseireduction in the quantties of work but wil be paid only for the actual amount
‘of work done and for approved materials supplied against a specife order

6.3.2 Unless otherwise specified in the special conditions ofthe contrac, the accepted
variation in quantity of each individual tem of the contract would be upio 25% of the

6.3.3. Valuation of Variations: The variation refered to in Sub-Clause 5.3.2 ofthis
Cause shall in no degree affect the validity of the contract, but shall be performed by
the Contractor as provided therein and be subject to the same conditions, stipulations
‘and obligations as f they had been originally and expressively included and provided for
In the Specifications and Drawings and the amounts to be paid therefore shall bo
calculated in accordance with the accepted Schedule of Rates. Any extra items/quanities
of work faling outside the purview of the provisions of Sub-Clause §.3,2 above shall
be paid for at the rates determined under Clause ~ 4.421 of these Conditions,

5.3.4 Variations in Quantities During Execution of Service Contracts.
The procedure detailed below shall be adopted for dealing with variations in quantities
‘uring execution of service contracts ~

1. Individual NS items in contracts shall be operated with variation of plus oF minus
25% and payment would be made as per the agreement rate. For this no finance
‘concurrence would be required,

2. __In case an increase in quantty of an individual tem by more than 25% of the
‘agreement quantity is considered unavoidable, the same shall be got executed by floating
4 fresh tender. if floating a fresh tender for operating that item is considered, not
Practicable, quantity of that item may be operated in excess of 125% of the agreement
uantty subject othe fllowing condtions:

(@) Operation of an item by more than 125% of the agreement quantily needs the
approval of an officer ofthe rank not less than S.A. Grade:

(Quantities operated in excess of 125% but upto 140% of the agreement quantity of
the concemed item, shall be paid at 98% of the rate awarded {or that fem in that
Particular tender;

G___ Quantities operated in excess of 140% but upto 150% of he agreement quantity of
{he concermed item shal be paid at 96% of the rate awarded for that item in that particular
tender,

et aw Pho —

= | Varaon, Measurement and Payments

(i) Variation in quantities of individual tems beyond 150% wil be prohibited and would
be permitted only in exceptional unavoidable circumstances with the concurrence of
associate finance and shall be paid at 96% of the rate awarded for that item in that
Particular tender.

(&) The variation in quantities as per the above formula wil apply ony to the Individual
jems ofthe contract and not on the overall contract value,

(© _ Execution of quantities beyond 150% ofthe overall agreement value should not be
Permited and, I found necessary, should be only through fresh tenders or by negotiating
‘with existing contractor, with prior personal concurrence of FA&CAO | FA&CAQ(C) and
‘approval of General Manager.

3. In cases where decrease is involved during execution of contract —

(2) The contract signing authorty can decrease the items upto 25% of individual tem
without fnance concurrence.

(©) For decrease beyond 25% for individual tems or 25% of contract agreement value,
{he approval ofan officer not less than rank of S.A. Grade may be taken, ater obtaining
"No Claim Cerificate’ from the contractor and with finance concurrence, giving detailed
reasons for each such decrease in the quantities.

(©) _ It should be certified that the work proposed to be reduced will not be required in
the same work

4, The limit for varying quantities for minor value Kems shall be 100% (as against
25% prescribed for ther tems). A minor value tem for this purpose is defined as an item
‘whose original agreement value is less than 1 % of te total eriginal agreement valu.

5,__ As far as SOR items are concemed, the limit of 26% would apply tothe value of
‘SOR schedule as a whole and not on individual SOR lems. However, in case of NS items,
the limit of 25% would apply on the individual items irrespective of the manner of
{quoting the rate (single percentage rate or individual tem rate),

6. _Forthe tenders accepted at Zonal Railways level, variations in the quantities wil be
‘approved by the authory in whose powers revised value ofthe agreement is,

7. For tenders accepted by General Manager, variations upto 125% of the orginal
agreement value may be accepted by General Manager.

8 The aspect of viiaton of tender with respect to variation in quantities should be
checked and avoided. In case of vitalion of the tender (both for increase as wall as
decrease of value of contract agreement, the viiation shall be on the contractor's account
(payment shall be restricted to the lowest calculated value ofall valid offers)

54 Claims

5.44 Monthly Statement of Claims
‘The Contractor shall prepare and fumish to the Manager once in every month an
‘account giving full and detailed particulars of all claims for any additional expenses to
which the Contractor may consider hersalf ented to and of all extra or additional works
ordered by the Manager which she has executed during the preceding month and no
claim for payment for and such work will be considered which has not been included in
such partcuars.

Woe


| > | Vasatons, Mesurement and Payments

5.4.2 Signing Of "No Claim” Certificate

‘The Contractor shall not be entited to make any claim whatsoever against the Railway
under or by vitue of or arising out of this contact, nor shal the Railway entertain of
consider any such claim, if made by the Contractor, after she shall have signed 2
"No Claim" Certificate in favour of the Railway in such form as. shall be required by
the Railway after the works are finaly measured up. The Contactor shal be debarred from
‘disputing the correctness of the tems covered by "No Claim” Certificate or demanding
Clearance to arbitration in respect thereot

5.6. MEASUREMENTS.

6. Quantities in Schedule Annexed to Contract
‘The quantities set out in the accepted Schedule of Rates with items of works quantified
are the estimated quantites of the services and. they shall not be taken”as_ the
factual and correct quantities of the work to be executed by the Contractor In
fulfliment of her obligations under the contract.

6.5.2 Measurement of Services/ Works

(®) Measurements shall be recorded on the basis of day to day records maintained by
Way of checklist or any other methodology provided in the Bid documents.

(©) __ The Contractor shall be paid for the works/services atthe rates in the accepted
‘Schedule of Rates and for extra services at rates determined under Clause 4.42 1
ff these Conditions on the measurements taken by the Manager or the Managers
presentative in accordance wih the rules prescribed for the purpose by the Railway
‘The quanttes for items the unit of which inthe accepted Schedule of Rates Is 100 or
1000 shal be calculated to the nearest witole number, any fraction below half being
dropped and half and above being taken as one: for items, the unit of which in the
‘accepted Schedule of Rates is single, the quanties shall be calculated to two places of
decimals. Such measurements will be taken of the work in progress from time to ime
‘and at such intervals asin the opinion ofthe Manager shall be proper having regard to
the progress of work. The dale and. time on which ‘on account or final
Measurements are to be made shall be communicated to the Contracor who Shall be
[resent atthe ste and shall sign the results of the measurements. (which shall also
be ‘signed by the Manager or the Managers representative) recorded in the official
measurements book as an acknowedgement of her acceptance of the accuracy
of the measurements

(©). Faling the Contractor's attendance, the service may be measured up in her
absence and such measurements shall, notwithstanding such ‘absence, be’ binding
‘upon the Contractor whether or not she shall have signed the measurement Books
Provided always that any objection made by her to measurement shall be. duly
Investigated and considered in the manner set out as following

It shall be open to the Contractor to take specific objection to any recorded
‘measurements or Classification on any ground within seven days of the date of such
Measurements. Any re-measurement taken by the Manager or the Managers
Tepresentative in the presence of the Contractor or in her absence after due notice has
‘been given to her in consequence of objection made by the Contractor shall be final
{and binding on the Contractor and no claim whatsoever shall thereafter be entertained
Fegarding the accuracy and classification of the measurements

EL


B \anatons, Measurement and Payments

(8) _ If an objection raised by the Contractor is found by the Manager to be
incorrect, then the Contractor shall be lable to pay the actual expenses incured in
measurements,

5.6 PAYMENTS

1 "On-Account” Payments

‘The Contractor shall be enitled to be paid from time to time by way of "On-Account”
payment only for such works as in the opinion of the Manager she has executed in
terms of the contract. All payments due on the Managers or the Managers
Representative's certificates of measurements shall be subject to any deductions which
may be made under these presents provided always that the Manager may by any
Certfiate make any correction or madiicaion in any previous certificate which shall
hhave been issued by her and thal the Manager may withhold any certificate, i the
Services or any part thereof are not being camied out to her satisfaction,

5.6.2 Rounding Off Amounts
‘The total amount due on each certificate shall be rounded off to the nearest rupee, ie.
‘sum less than 50 paise shall be omitted and sums of 60 paise and moce upto Rs. will
be reckoned as Rs. 1

5.6.3 On Account Payments Not Prejudicial to Final Settlement
“On-Account” payments made 0 the Contractor shall be without prejudice to the
final making up of the accounts (except where measurements are specifically noted in
the Measurement Book as “Final Measurements” and as such have been signed by the
Contractor) and shal inno respect be considered or used as evidence of any facs stated
In orto be inferred from such accounts nor of any particular quantity of service having
‘been executed nor of the manner ofits execution being satisfactory

5.6.4 Manner of Payment: The payments would be released inthe manner as specified
by the Railway Board time to time

5.6.5. Points to be ensured while Passing the Bills
() Raitways shall ensure that all elevant records are to be certified by the contractor and

the employee nominated by Principal Employer, before passing the ils of the
‘contractor including but nt limited to those provided inthe Annexures I~ XI.

(©) Raitways shall ensure that Gross Minimum wages including ESI, PF et. is paid as per
the actuals by the contractor to all workers, n case, the Coniractor fails to pay the
{9F0ss minimum wages, the same shall be informed to Regional Labour Commissioner

(6) Railways shall ensure that all the relevant records related to statutory obligations and
agreement conditions are submited by the contractor for claiming monthly bil,

(@) Ralways shal upload the detas of the contractor online on the Employees’ Provident
Fund Organisation (EPFO) portal. Every month, Railways may, if required, cross ~
verify the contractor's monthly statements regarding PF and other contributions from
the EPFO's records online.

SE Gn

[« | \Vanatons, Measurement and Payments

(€) The contractor is required to provide documentary evidence to show the coverage of
all her workers or labour under the schemes mentioned in Clause 6.17 on an annual

basis. Upon verticaion ofthe records by Railways, payments can be released to the

soniractor.
5.7 Price Variation Clause (PVC)

‘The Price Variation Clause is devised as per the compostion ofan individual worl service
Contract can be incorporated by the tender invting authories based on the folowing
‘General principles. The amount payable on account of Price variation shall be settled every
quarter

5.7.4 Applicability: Price Variation Clause (PVC) shal be applicable ony for tenders of
value as prescribed by the Ministry of Raiways through instuctionslcireulars issued from
time to time and for long term contracts, where delivery period extends beyond 18
‘months.* Materials supplied ree of cost by Railway tothe contractors shall fall outside the
uniew of Price Variation Clause. I, in any case, accepted offer inudes some specific
Payment to be made to consultants or some materials supplied by Railway free or at fixed
rate, such payments shall be excluded from the gross value of the work forthe purpose of
Paymentrecovery of price variation. (Yefer‘o nie 228, Genre Fnac Puls 2017)

5.7.2 Base Month: The Base Month for Price Variation Clause” shall be taken as month
Of opening of bids including extensions, if any, unless otherwise slated elsewhere. The
‘quarter for applicablty of PVC shall commence from the month folowing the month of
‘Opening of bid. The Price Variation shall be based on the average Price Index and
‘minimum wages ofthe quarter under consideration.

5.7.3 Validity: Rates accepted by Railway Administration shall hold good til completion
‘of service contract period and no additonal individual claim shall be admissible on account
of fluctuations in market rates, increase in taxes/any other leviessols ete. except that
Paymenvrecovery for overall market situation shall be made as per Price Variation Clause
‘ven hereunder.

‘5.74 Adjustment for variation in pices of material, labour, fuel ete. shall be determined
inthe manner prescribed

5.7.5 Components of various items in a contract on which variation in prices be
‘admissible, shall be Material. Labour and Fuel and shall be taken based on thelt
‘roportions in the estimate. However, for fixed components, no price variation shall be
admissible,

5.7.6 The price escalation shall be calculated based on the folowing clauses ie. 5.76
(@) and 5.7.6 (&) and the higher ofthe two shall be pai,

2) __The percentages of labour component, material component, fuel component et. in
Various types of Services shall be as under


Benn Payments

Component Percentage | Component Percentage |
{A) Housekeeping Contracts |
[Latour Component ‘ther Material Components [15%

Fuel Component

| Fixed Component = 18%

a seal Caner
Fed Component

(C) Other Contracts
Labour Component | 86% | Fuel Component T
Material Component | 95% | Fixed Component" i

=o at conned or any

Formulae: The Amount of variation in prices in several components (labour material etc)
shall be worked out by the following formulae

b= Wxto=ty x be
le 100

(iM = Wo tMa= Ma) x Me

My “100

(i) F = WxiGo-Fa) x Ee

Fe 100

L__Amount of price variation in Labour

M_ Amount of price variation in Materials

F Amount of price variation in Fuel

Le Sof Labour Component

Mc % of Material Component

Fc % of Fuel Component

W Gross value of work done (services performed) by contractor as per on-
‘account bil), excluding cost of materials supplied by Railway at fied

rice. This wil also exclude specific payment, It any, to be made to the

Consultants engaged by contractors (such payment shall be indicated in

the contraciors offer)

Consumer Price Index Number for Industral Workers - All India

Published in R.B.. Bulletin forthe base period

Consumer Price Index Number for Industral Workers - All India

Published in RB. Bulletin forthe average price index ofthe 3 months of

‘the quarter under consideration

Mz Index Number of Wholesale Prices ~ By Groups and Sub-Groups: All
Commodities ~ as published in the RB, Bulletin forthe base periog

Mz Index Number of Wholesale Prices By Groups and Sub-Groups: All
commodities ~ as publshed in the RB. Bulletin for the average price
index ofthe 3 months of the quarter under consideration

Fe Index Number of Wholesale Prices — By Groups and Sub-Groups for
Fuel and Power as published in the R.B1. Buletin for the base period

Fo Index Number of Wholesale Prices ~ By Groups and Sub-Groups for
Fuel and Power as published in the RBI. Bulletin for the average price
index ofthe 3 mons of the quarter under consideration

ce “Goalie” ae Wh), By

c


B Vato, Messen and Payments

>) In contracts where the number of workforce is spectied, any revision in the
minimum wages etc. notifed through government ordericrculars et. after the date of
‘submission of bids shall be compensated by the Railway administration, on an actual
bass

5.7.7. For material potion, the relevant RBI Bulletin (index numbers of wholesale prices
in india - by Groups and Sub-groups — Averages) shall be used,

5.7.8 The demands for escalation of cost shall be allowed on the basis of provisional
Indiees made avaiable by Reserve Bank of India and revision in the minimum wages. Any
Adjustment needed to be done based on the finally published indices shall be made as
‘and when they become available,

5.8 Price Variation During Extended Period of Contract

‘The price adjustment as worked out above, ie. either increase or decrease shall be
ppicable upto the stipulated date of completion of work including the extended period of
completion where such extension has been granted under Clause 6.1 of the Standard
‘General Conditions of Contract. However, where extension of time has been granted due
to contractor's faiure under Clause 52, price adjustment shal be done as follows:

5.8.1 In case the indices or minimum wages increase above the indices oF minimum
‘wages applicable to the last month of orginal completion period or the extended period
Under Ciause 6.1, the price adustment for the period of extension granted under Clause
{5.2 shall be limited tothe amount payable as per the Indices or minimum wages appiicable
to the last month ofthe original completion period or the extended period under Clause 5.1
ofthe General Conditions of Contract; a the case may be

6.8.2 In case the indices fll below the indices or minimum wages appicabe tothe last
‘month of original extended period of completion under Clause § 1, as the case may be:
then the lower indices or minimum wages, as the case may be, stall be adopted for the
Price adjustment forthe period of extension under Clause 5.2 of the Standard General
Conaitions of Contract,

5.9 Maintenance of Works contemplated in the Services

Service contracts may have an element of work included to provide services. In such
‘cases the content ofthis para shall be applicable —

‘The Contractor shal at all times during the progress and continuance of the service and
also for the period of maintenance of Works contemplated in the Service specified, I any
in the Bid Form afer the date of passing of the certificate of completion by the
Manager or any other earier date subsequent to the completion of the work that
may ‘be fixed by the Manager be responsible for and effectively maintain and
uphold in good substantial, sound and perfect condition al and every pat of the work
‘and shall make good from time to time and at all times as often as the Manager shall
Tequire, any damage or defect that may during the above period arise in or be
‘discovered or be in any way connected with the work. provided that such damage of
defect is not directly caused by errors in the contrat documents, act of providence oF
insurrection or civil rot, and the Contractor shal be liable for and shal pay and make
{ood to the Raiway or other persons legally ented thereto whenever required by the
‘Manager 80 to do, all losses, damages, costs and expenses they or any of them may


«| Variations, Measurement and Payments

Incur or be put or be lable 10 by reasons or in consequence of the operations of the
Contractor of of her failure in any respect.

5.9.4 Certificate of Completion of Works contemplated in Service: As soon
{as in the opinion of the Manager, the work has been completed and has
‘Satisfactory passed any final test of tests that may be prescribed, the Manager shall
issue a certificate of completion duly indicating the date of completion in respect of the
work and the period of maintenance of the work, if applicable, shall commence from
the date of completion mentioned in such certificate, The Manager may aso issue such
4 certificate indicating date of completion with respect 1o any part of the work
(Getore the completion ofthe whole of work), which has been both completed to the
‘satisfaction of the Manager and occupied or used by the Railway. When any such
Certiicate is given in respect of part of a work, such part shall be considered as
completed and the period of maintenance, if any shall commence from the date of
Completion mentioned in the completion cetitcate issued for thal part ofthe work

6.8.2 Maintenance Certificate: in case maintenance period is specified in the
Contract, for any part the Contract, it shall not be considered as completed unt a
Maintenance Certificate shall have been signed by the Manager stating thal the works
have been completed and maintained to her satisfaction. The maintenance Cerificate
shall be given by the Manager upon the expiration of the period of maintenance or as
soon therealter as any works ordered during such period pursuant to Clause 5.9.1
of these Condtions shall have been completed to the salsfaction of the Manager
‘and full effect shall be given to this Clause notwithstanding the taking possession of or
Using the works/ services or any part thereof by the Railway.

5.9.3Contractor Not Absolved By Completion Certificate: The Certificate
Cf Completion in respect of the works referred to in Sub-Clause 5.9.1 of this Clause
‘shall not absolve the Contractor from her liability to make good any defects
Imperfections, shrinkages or faults which may appear during the period of
‘maintenance specified in the Bid arising in the opinion of the Manager from materials
(oF quality of workers not in accordance withthe drawings or specifiations or instruction
fof the Manager, which defects, imperfections, shrinkages or faults shall upon the
direction in witing of the Manager be amended and made good by the Contractor at
her own cost; and in case of default on the part of Contractor, the Manager may
‘emp oy labour and materials or appoint another Contractor to amend and make
{good such defects, imperfections, shrinkages and fauts and all expenses consequent
thereon and incidental thereto shall be bore by the Contractor and shall be recoverable
fom any moneys due to her under the contrac.

5.9.4 Approval Only by Maintenance Certificate: No certificate other
‘than Maintenance certificate referred to in Clause 6.9.3 of the Conditions shal be
deemed to constitute approval of any work or other matter in respect of which itis issued
or shall be taken as an admission of the due performance of the contract or any part
thereof or of the accuracy of any claim or demand made by the Contractor or of
Additional varied work having been ordered by the Manager nor shall any olher
certificate conclude or prejudice any of the powers of the Manager.

6.40 Certificate of Completion of Service:

'As soon as in the opinion of the Manager, the service has been completed and has
Salisfactorly passed any final test or tests that may be prescribed, the Manager shall


«| Variations, Messurement and Payments

Issue a certificate of completion duly indicating the date of completion. The Manager
may also issue such a certificate indicating date of completion ‘with respect 0 any
pan of the service (before the completion ofthe whole of service). which has been
Completed to the satisfaction of the Manager. When any such certificate is given in
Fespect of part ofa service, such part shall be considered as complete.

5.10.1 Approval Only by Completion Certificate: No certificate other
than completion certificate referred to in Clause 5.10 of the Condtions shall be deemed
to constitute approval of any service or other matter in respect of which itis issued oF
shall be faken as an admission ofthe due performance ofthe contrat or any part thereof
(oF of the accuracy of any claim or demand made by the Contractor or of additonal
varied work having been ordered by the Manager nor shal any other cemifcate
Conclude or prejudice any of the powers of the Manager

5.11 Cessation of Railway's Liability: The Railway shall not be liable to the
Contractor for any matter arising out of or in connection withthe contract of the execution
‘ofthe works/ services unless the Contractor shall ave made a claim in wing in resper
thereof before the issue of the Completion Cerificate for service / Maintenance Certiea
{for works contemplated in service, as the case may be under this clause,

5.12, Unfulfilled Obligations: Notwithstanding the issue of Completion
Certificate for service / Maintenance Certificate for works contemplated in service asthe
‘case may be the Contractor and (subject to Clause 6.11) the Railway shall remain lable
{or the fulfilment of any obligation incured under the provision of the contract prior to
the issue of the Completion Cerificate for service / Maintenance Cenifcate for works
contemplated in service which remains unpertormed at the ime such certificate is issued
{and for the purposes of determining the nature and extent of any such obligations, the
‘contract shall be deemed to remain in force between the partes thereto.

6.13, Final Payment

‘On the Manager's certificate of completion in respect of the services, adjustment shall be
made and the balance of account based on the Manager or the ‘Managers.
opresentatve's certified measurements ofthe total quantity of service executed by the
Contractor upto the date of completion and on the accepted schedule of rales and for
extra works on rates determined under Clause 4.42.1 of these Conditions shall be pad
to the Contractor, subject always to any deduction which may be made under these
‘presents, and furher subject to the Contractor having delivered to the Manager either 2
full account in detail ofall laims she may have on the Railway in respect of the works
or having delivered "No Ciaim Ceriicate" and the Manager having after the recelpt
of such account given a certificate in writing that such claims are correct, that the
whole of the works to be done under the provisions of the Contracts. have. been
‘completed, hat they have been inspected by her since thelr completion and found to be
In good and substantial order, that all properties, works and things, removed, disturbed or
Injured in consequence ofthe services have been propery replaced and made good and
all expenses and demands incurred by or made upon the Railway for or in the respect
‘of damage or loss by from or in consequence of the services, have been saished
‘agreeably and in conformity with the contract

5.13.1 Post Payment Audit: It is an agreed term of contract that the Rallway
eserves to itself the right to cary out a postpayment aut and / or technical
‘examination of the works / services and the final bil Including all supporting vouchers,

oe, ee


Vasatons, Measurement and Payments

abstracts etc. and fo make a claim on the contractor for the refund of any excess
‘amount paid to her, i as a resuit of such examination any over-payment to her is
discovered to have been made in respect of any services done or alleged to have
been done by her under the contrac.

5.13.2 Production of Vouchers etc. by the Contractor: For a contract of more
than Rs 2 crore, the contractor. shall, whenever required, produce or cause to be
produced for examination by the Manager any quotation invoice, cost or other account
book of accounts, voucher, receipt, letter, memorandum, paper of wiing or any copy of
fr extract from any such document and also furnish information and retums verified in
such manner as may be required in any way relating to the execution ofthis contract or
relevant for verifying or ascertaining cost of execution of this contract ihe decision
‘ofthe Manager on the question of relevancy of any documents, information or
Fetum being final and binding on the parties). The contractor shal simlary produce
‘vouchers etc, if required to prove to the Manager, that materials supplied by her are in
accordance with the specifications laid down in the contract.

5.13.3 If any potion of the service in a contract of value more than Rs 2 crore be
Carried out by a sub-contractor or any subsidiary or allied fm or company (as per
Clause 4.5 of the General Condsions of Contract), the Manager shall have power to
Secure the books of such sub-contract or any subsidiary or alled fim or company,
through the contractor, and such books shall be open to her inspection.

5.13.4 The obligations imposed by Sub Clause 5.19.2 & 5.132 is without prejudice
to the obligations ofthe contractor under any statute, rules or orders binding on the
contractor.

5.13.6 Signature on Receipts for Amounts: Every receipt for money which may
Decome payable or for any security which may become transferable to the Contractors
Under these presents, shal, if signed in the partnership name by any one of the
Partners of a Contractors fm be a good and sufficient discharge to the Railway in
Fespect of the moneys or securily purported to be acknowledged thereby and in the
event of death of any of the Contractor, parners during the pendency ofthe contrac,
itis hereby expressly agreed that every receipt by anyone of the surviving Contractor
partners shall f so signed as aforesaid be good and sufficient discharge as aforesaid
Provided that nothing in this Clause contained shall be deemed to prejudice or
effect any claim which the Railway may hereafter have against the legal
representative of any contactor partner so dying for or in respect to any breach of any of
‘the conditions of the contract, provided also that nothing inthis clause contained shall be
deemed 10 prejudice or effect the respective rights oF obligations of the Contractor
partners and ofthe legal representatives of any deceased Contractor partners inter se.

“Seapels tn  Meall&tion)

| «| Labour Laws and Rested Obigatons

VI. LABOUR LAWS AND RELATED OBLIGATIONS

6.1 Independent Contractor

614 The status of the Contractor shall be that of an independent contractor. The
Contractor, its employees, agents and any subcontractors performing under this Contract
{are not employees or agents of the State or any agency, division or department of the
State simply by vitue of work performed pursuant to this Contract. Neither the Contractor
or its employees shall be considered employees of the Raaways or the Govt. of India
State simply by vitue of work performed pursuant to this Contract

5.1.2 To ensure compliance of labour laws in a service contract the bidder shall be
disqualified for consideration of award of the bid if shefthey have been levied with @
Penalty for violation of labour laws for three times in the last two years (om the date of
pening of tender) by the appropriate enforcing agency ike the Labour Commissioner
ete

‘The declaration to this effect shall be furnished by the bidder as a part of his bid
document. A forma inthis regard shall be made a part ofthe bid document. In case this
declaration is found to be false, process for “banning of business’ against the
bidderfcontractor shall be iniated as per extent rules,

6.4.3. Indian Raiiways may also undertake measure’
authority, to ensure labour welfare fr contract workers, as

188 decided by competent
emed ft, such as:

8) Helpline for complaints from labour regarding payment of wages, worksite facilities,
‘sexual harassment ete,

) Provision for recording anonymous complaints from workers, zens ete. regarding
Violation of labour laws by Contractor

6.1.4 The Railways shall ensure that the contractor shall pay the wages to their workers
‘not below the rate of minimum wages, as notified by the Stale Government or Cental
Goverment, whichever is higher, through the bank transfer. The contractor wil be
equired fo submit every month, documentary evidence in the form of Bank Statement of
having transferred the gross minimum wages to each of the workers. Failure to-do 50 wil
‘entail in Indian Railways taking up any measure to ensure the payment of wages
Including, but not imted to, withholding contractor's on-account bls


B Labour Laws and Related Obigations

6.2 Legal Obligations

‘The contractor shall be responsible for carying out al legal obigations as may be
required by the law. Broadly they are as under:

‘+ Contractor Labour (Regulation and Aboition) Act, 1970,
Minimum Wages Act, 1948

+ Payment of Wages Act, 1996

+ The Workman's Compensation Act, 1923,

+ Provisions of Employees Provident Fund and Miscellaneous Provisions Act
1952

+ Employees’ State insurance Act, 1948

‘+ Employees’ Pension Scheme, 1995
Factores Ad, 1948,

‘+ Enforcement of Employment of Manual Scavengers and construction of Dry
Latrines Prohibitons) Act, 1983,

Child Labour Act, 1988

‘Apprentices Act, 1961,

Equal Remuneration Act , 1976

Saal Karamchais Act, 1993

Industral Disputes Act, 1947

Maternity Beneft Act, 1961

“Trade Unions Act, 1928

Payment of Bonus Act, 1965

Payment of Gratuly Act, 1972

Industial Employment Standing Orders) Act 1946

‘Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and

Redressal) Act, 2013,

6.3 Labour Law Awareness.

indatorly provide a comprehensive day-tong training caried
ut by a certifed Third Party agency for the awareness of labour laws, grievance redressal
mechanism and other provisions applicable to her staf, workers, labour employed by her
directly of indirectly in service of the Railways. The contractor must submit relevant
‘documentary proof to Railways of having conducted such a training to all workers.

6.3.2 The contractor must provide a comprehensive booklet (that is approved by Indian
Raiways) containing all the relevant updated labour legislations, rules and other applicable
provisions, to every worker atthe outst of the contract nthe local vernacular language.

While al the laws mentioned in Clause 6.2 are applicable to labour, some of the

statutory provisions of the key legislations are provided as folows —

6.4 Provisions of Contract Labour (Regulation and
Abolition) Act, 1970/ Rules 1950

6.41 The Contractor shal comply with the provision of the Contract. Labour

(Regulation and Abolition) Act, 1970 and the Contract Labour (Regulation and Abolition)
Central Rules, 1971 as modified from time to time, wherever applicable and shall also


Labour Laws and Related Obigatons

Indemnity the Railway from and against any claims under the aforesaid Act and the
Rules,

6.42 The registration ofthe principal employer and the establishment shall be ensured
before the commencement ofthe contact,

6.43 Contractors employing more than 20 workers shall obiain License from the Asst
Labour Commissioner before the commencement of the work and continue to have a
valid license unt the completion of the work. Any failure to ful the requirement shall
atract the penal provision ofthe Contract arising out of the resultant non-execation ofthe
work

6.44 The Contractor shall send haif yeary retum in Form XXIV (in duplicate), provided in
‘Annexure Vil to Indian Railways and to the Licensing Officer, so as to reach the Railways
{and Licensing Officer concemed not later than 30 days from the cose ofthe half year. (Half
‘year for the purpose of this rule means “a period of 8 months commencing from 1st
January and 1st July of every year)

645 The Contractor shall pay to the labour employed by her directly or through
‘subcontractors the wages as per provision ofthe aforesaid Act and the Rules wherever
‘applicable. The Contractor shall, notwithstanding the provisions of the contract to the
contrary, cause to be paid the wages to labour indirectly engaged on the works including
‘any engaged by sub-contractors in connection with the Said work, as if the labour had
been immediately employed by her.

6.46 _In respect of all labour director indirectly employed inthe work for performance of
the contractor's part of the contract, the Contractor shall comply with or cause to be
complied withthe provisions ofthe aforesaid Act and Rules wherever applicable

8.47 In every case in which, by vitue of the provisions of the aforesaid Act or the
Rules the Railway is obiged to pay any amount of wages to a worker employed by the
Contractor oF her sub-contractor in execution of the work or to Incur any expenditure on
‘account ofthe contingent fabity of the Railway, due to the contractor's failure to full her
Statutory obligations under the aforesaid Actor the rules, the Raiiway will recover from the
Contractor, the amount of wages so paid or the amount of expenditure so incurred and
without prejudice {0 the rights of the ‘Railway under the Section 20, Sub-Section (2)
‘and Section 2, Sub-Secton (4) of the aforesaid Act

‘The Railway shail be at lbety to recover such amount or part thereof by deducting i rom
‘any sum due by the Railway to the contractor whether under the contract or otherwise.

‘The Railway shall not be bound to contest any claim made against it under Sub-
Section (1) of Section 20 and Sub-Section (4) of Section 21 ofthe aforesaid Act except
(on the written request of the Contractor and upon her giving to the Railway full
secuity for al costs for which the Railway might become lable In contesting such claim,
‘The decision ofthe Railway regarding the amount actualy recoverable rom the contractor
48 stated above shall be final and binding on the Contractor.

6.48 The actual area of working ie, Station/Colony shal be registered with the regional,
Centra labour commission offic,


[| Labour Law and Related Obigsons

6.49. Principal Employer & Duties

{6.4.9.4 Principal Employer is:

{2} _ In relation to any office or department of the Government or a local authorty, the
hhead of that office or department or such other officer as the Govemment or the
local authoriy, as the case may be, may spect in this behalf,

(0) in any other establishment, any person responsible for the supervision and contro!
of the establishment,

6.4.9.2 Duties of Principal Employer: Its the duty of the Principal Employer to
ensure the amenities a8 described below under Sections 17, 18, 19 of the Act, shall be
provided by the Contractor within the prescribed time limit. Otherwise, such amenities shal
be provided by the Principal Employer and the necessary deductions shall be made to the
extent facilites provided. (Section 20)

{6.4.10 Contractor's Responsibilities: The folowing provisions shall be made by the
‘contractor under the law

(@) Canteen ~ The necessary refreshment stalls shall be provided for the workers
‘where the workforce is more than 100 by the Contractor (section 16).

(©) Rest Rooms Provision of restrooms is essential wherein the labour Is required 10
halt at right in connection withthe work (Section 17)

(6)__Drinking Water & Sanitation — Provision of wholesome drinking water! urinals!
washroomsiwashingfacities/supply of dungaree coth, soap solution, coconut ol tc. shall
be ensured tothe contract labour (Section 16),

Contractor shall permit inspection ofall drinking water and sanitation arrangements at all
times by the Manager, the Manager's Representative or the Medical Statf ofthe Ralway.

‘Should the contractor fail to make the adequate sanitary arrangements, these will be
provided by the Railway and the cost therefore recovered from the Contractor.

(8) First Aid Facilities ~ Provision of First Ai faity shal be provided and maintained
by the contractor during all working hours. The first aid box shall be equipped with
Prescribed contents as provided in Annexure XVI atthe working place. (Section 19) First
aid boxes shall be provided and maintained so as to be readily assessable during all
Working hours atthe rate of not less than 1 box for 180 contract labour or part thereof
‘ordinarily employed

6.4.11 Payment of Was

(@)__ The responsibilty for payment of wages lies with the contractor (Section 21) who
Shall be responsible for payment of wages to each worker employed by her as contract
labour and such wages shall be paid before the expiry of such period as may be
prescribed


@ Labour Laws and Related Obigatns

(©) Every Principal Employer shall nominate a representative duly authorized by her to
De present at he time of Disbursement of wages by the contractor and it shall be the duly
‘of such representa to certfy the amounts paid as wages in such manner as may be
prescribed,

(©) _ Incase the contractor fails to make payment of wages within the prescribed period
‘or makes short payment, then the Principal employer shal be liable to make payment of
‘wages in full or the unpaid balance due, as the case may be, 1o the contact labour
‘employed by he contractor and recover the amount so paid from the contractor,

(@) The Minimum Rate of Wages for all Workers as notiled by Regional Labour
‘Commissioner shall be pad through Natonalized Banks,

(©), _ The Contractor shal ensure the Bank remittance of salaries for all her employees
‘and necessary documents in this connection shal be fumished tothe Railways for claiming
‘monthly bis.

(9 In case of revision of rates of minimum wages, the contractor must also submit

documents regarding revision notations of Minimum wages (Wages and VDA) and proot
‘of payment tothe labour wit revised rates,

(@) Date of payment of wages to workers by the Contractor must be as folows-

{ Employees Tess than one thousand | Employees more than one thousand

(1000) (1000)
| Before expiry of the seventh (7) day after | Before the expiry of tenth (10) day after the
the last day of wage period last day of wage period

(h) Any worker terminated by the contractor, the wages earned by the worker shall be
ald before expiry of second working day from the day on which their employment is
terminated.

() All payments of wages shall be made on a working day al the work place and
during the working hours. Final payment shall be made within 48 hours of the last working
ay,

@)__ Deductions: Wages shall be paid without any deductions of any kind except those
‘Specified by the state goverment and permissible under ihe payment of wages act 1998

65

jum Wages Act, 1948/ Rules 1950

‘The Contractor shall be responsible for ensuring compliance with the provision
‘of the Minimum Wages Act, 1948 (hereinafter referred to a8 the “sald Ac’) and the Rules
‘made there under in respect of any employees directly or through petty contractors oF
‘sub-contractors employed by herfthem,

Following

‘contractor
rallway ma


B Labour Laws and Related Obigatons

6.5.1 Wages to Labour:

(2) The Contractor shall display of Notices in English and Hind/Local vernacular
language in the workplace and other wise make all workers aware regarding the
‘minimum rates of wages fed, hours of work, wage period, abstract of laws & rules made
there under, date & place of payment, Name, address & contact details of the Labour
Enforcement Officer.

(©) The contractor shall maintain the Register of Muster Roll, Register of Wages
(Form XVII as provided in the Annexure VI), Register of Fines, Register of deductions for
‘damagesiioss, Register of Overtime at the workplace in the prescribed formats under the
law,

(©) _The contractor shal issue monthly wage slips as per Form XIX provided in
‘Annexure Vil to all workers showing the detalls of the gross wages, deductions f any
‘and the net wages.

(The Contractor shalt submit Annual Retum in t
Concerned Labour Enforcement Offer (Centra.

prescribed form to the

6.5.2 Proof of Payment of Wages: Bank remitance of salaries ofall the Contractor's
workers and fo produce the documents to the effect to Railways for claiming monthly
bills

.3 Weekly Rest: The contractor shal also provide weekly rest on staggered basis to
workers and comply with all other provisions of the law.

6.6 Provisions of Payments of Wages Act

‘The Contractor shall comply with the provisions ofthe Payment of Wages Act, 1936
land the rules made there-under in respect of al employees directly or through "pet
Contractors or sub-contractors employed by her in the servicesiworks. If in
‘compliance with the terms of the contract, the Contractor directly or through petty
Contractors oF sub-contractors shall supply’ any labour to be used wholly or party
Lnder the direct orders and control ofthe Manager whether in connection withthe works
to be executed hereunder or otherwise for the purpose of the Manager, such labour
‘hall nevertheless be deemed to comprise persons employed by the contractor and any
‘moneys which may be ordered to be paid by the Manager shall be deemed to be
moneys payable by the Manager on behalf of the Contractor and the Manager may on
failure ofthe Contractor to repay such money to the Railways deduct the same from any
‘moneys due to the Contractor in terms of the contract. The Railway shall be entitled to
‘deduct from any moneys due to the contractor (whether under this contractor any other
contract) all moneys paid or payable by the Railway by way of compensation of
‘aforesaid oF for costs of expenses in connection with any claim thereto and the decision
of the Manager upon any question arising out ofthe effector force of this Clause shall
be final and binding upon the Contractor.

6.7 Provisions of Employees Provident Fund and
Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952

‘The Contractor shall comply with the provisions of Para 30 & 36-8 of the Employees
Provident Fund Scheme, 1952; Paras 3 & 4 of Employees’ Pension Scheme, 1995,

Ci acu Moy


[= | Labour Laws and Related Obligations

‘and Para 7 & 8 of Employees Depost Linked Insurance Scheme, 1976; as modified
from time to time through enactment of “Employees Provident Fund & Miscellaneous
Provisions Act, 1952", wherever applicable and shall also indemnity the Railway from
‘and against any claims under the aforesaid Act and the Rules,

6.7.4 Employees’ Provident Fund Scheme, 1962
6.7.4.4 Payment of Contributions

(@)___ The employer shal, in the fist instance, pay both the contribution payable by
herself (in this Scheme referred to as the employer's contbution) and also, an behalf of
the member employed by her direcly or by oF through a contracter, the contribution
Payable by such member (in his Scheme refered to as the members contbuton).

(©) __ In respect of employees employed by or through a contractor, the contractor shall
Fecover the contibution payable by such employee (in this Scheme referred to as the
‘member's contribution) and shall pay to the principal employer the amount of member's
Ccontrbution so deducted together with an equal amount of contribution (inthis Scheme
referred to as the employer's contribution) and also administrative charges,

(©) It shall be the responsibilty ofthe principal employer to pay both the contribution
Payable by herself in respect of the employees by or through a contractor and also
‘administrative changes.

Explanation: For the purposes ofthis paragraph, the expression “administrave charg
means such percentage of the pay (basic wages, deamess allowance, retaining
allowance, i any, and cash value of food concessions admissible thereon) forthe time
‘being payable tothe employees other than an excluded employee, and in respect of which
Provident Fund Contribution are payable as the Central Government may, in consultation
with the Central Board and having regard to the resources of the Fund for meeting is
ormal administrative expenses fi}

6.72 Employees’ Pension Scheme, 1995

Para (1). From and out of the contributions payable by the employer in each month
under Section 6 ofthe “Act” or under the rules ofthe Provident Fund ofthe estabishment
\which is exempted either under clauses (a) and (b) of sub-section () of Section 17 of the
‘Act or whose employees are exempted under either paragraph 27 of paragraph 27-A of
the Employees’ Provident Fund Scheme, 1962, a part of contibution representing 8.39 per
Cent ofthe Employee's pay shall be remitted by the employer to the Employees: Pension
fund within 18 days of the close of every month by a separate bank drat or cheque on
account ofthe Employees’ Pension Fund contribution in such manner as may be specified
in this behaif by the Commissioner. The cost of the remitance, if any. shal be bome by
the employer.

Para 3(2): The Central Government shall also contribute at the rate of 1.16 per cent ofthe

ay of the members ofthe Employees Pension Scheme and credit the contribution tothe
Employees’ Pension Fund!

bution:

(2) _The employer shal pay the contrbution payable to the Employees’ Pension Fund
in respect of each member employed by her directly or by or through a contractor.


«| Latour Las and Related Obigatons

() It shall be the responsibilty of the Principal employer to pay the contributions
payable to the Employees’ Pension Fund by herself in respect of the employees directly
employed by her and also in respect of the employees employed by or through @
contactor.

6.3 Employees’ Deposit Linked Insurance Scheme, 1976
6.7.31 Contribution (Para 7 & 8):

(@)___The contribution payable by the employer and the Central Government under sub-
Section (2) and sub-section (8) of Section 6-c ofthe Act, shall be calculated on the basis of
the basic of the basic wages, deamess allowance (including the cash value of any food
concession) and retaining allowance, if any, actually drawn during the whole month
whether paid on daly, weekly, fortnightly or monthly basis.

‘Provided that where the monthly pay ofan employee exceeds fiteen thousand rupees, the
Contrbution payable in respect of her by the employer and the Central Govemment shall
be limited fo the amounts payable on a monthly pay of fiteen thousand rupees including
sdearmess allowance, retaining allowance (if any) and cash valve of food concession

(©) The contribution by the employer shall be remitted by her together with
‘Administrative charges at such rate as the Central Government may fx from time to time
‘under sub-section 4 of Section 6-c ofthe Act tothe Insurance Fund within fiteen days of
the close of every month by a separate bank draft or cheque or by remitance in cash in
‘such manner as may be speciied in this behalf by the Commissioner. The cost of
remittance, i any, shall be bore by the employer.

(©) __ It shail be the responsibilty of the employer to pay the contribution payable by
herself in respect ofthe employees direcily employed by her and also in respect of the
‘employees employed by or through a contractor.

32 Reporting of Accidents to Labour: The Contractor shall be
responsible for the safety of all employees directly or through petty contractors of
‘sub-contractor employed by heron the works and shall report serious accidents to any
‘of them however and wherever occurring on the works to the Manager or the
Managers Representative and shall make every arrangement to render all
possible assistance

6.7.3.3 Duties of Contractors : With reference to the provisions of Clause 6,7 above, it
shall be the primary duty of the employer (contractor) to ensure compliance with the
provisions ofthe said Acts. Every contractor shall within seven days of the cise of every
‘month (or any other period spectied by the Railways), submit to the principal employer a
documentary proof of having complied with the aforementioned Acts (as appicable)
‘which shall be mandatory before the on account bils are cleared,

‘The Contractors) shal conform to al laws, bye-laws rules and regulations for the
time being in force pertaining tothe employment of local or imported labour and shall ake
‘al necessary precautions to ensure and preserve the heath and safety of all staff
employed directly or through petty Contractors or Sub — Contractors on the works!


|= | Labour Laws and Related Obigaons

6.7.34 Duties of Indian Railways

ian Ra a ors un on
EPEO portal online in order to ensure compliance of the contractor withthe labour laws
‘and rules implemented by the Employees’ Provident Fund Organisation

6.8 Provisions of Workmen's Compensation Act

6.8.1 This Act factates to provide forthe payment by certain classes of employers to
thei workers of compensation for inury by accident.

6.8.2 It's the Employers lability to pay the compensation to @ worker for death or
Personal injury resuting into total or partial disablement or occupation disease caused to a
worker arising out of and during the course of employment (Section 3). The amount of
‘compensation is as per the Section 4 of the Act.

18.3 The contractor shall accept liabilty for compensation in accordance with the
provisions of the Workmen's’ Compensation Act, 1923 or any statuory modification
{hereof forthe time being in force in respect of the persons employed by her him

{6.8.4 In every case in which by virtue of the provisions of Section 12 Sub-Section (1) of
the Workmen's Compensation Act 1923, Railway is obliged 0 pay compensation
to a worker directly or through petty contractor or subcontractor employed by
the Contractor in executing the work, Railway will recover trom the Contractor the
amount of the compensation so paid, and, without prejudice to the nights of
Railway under Section 12 Sub-section 2) of the said Act, Ralay shall be at iberty to
recover such amount or any pat thereof by deducting it from any sum due by Railway 10
the Contractor.

6.9 The Maternity Benefit Act, 1961

‘The Matemty Benefit Act 1964 will be appicabe tothe contractor’ staf, workers, labour
‘employed directly or indirectly through sub-contractors or petty contractors. While the
“entire acts applicable, the folowing provisions must be given special regard

6.9.1 Employment of, or work by, women prohibited during certain periods
(Section 4)

(@) Without prejucice to the provisions of section 6, no pregnant woman shall, on
‘request being made by her in this behalf, be required by her employer to do during the
Period specified in sub-section (4) any work which is of an arduous nature or which
Involves tong hours of standing, or which in any way is likely to interfere with her
Pregnancy or the normal development of the foetus, or is likely to cause her miscariage
‘oF otherwise to adversely affect her heath

(©) The period referred to in sub-section (3) shal be ~

|. the period of one month immediately preceding the period of six weeks, before the
date of her expected delivery.

|i any period during the said period of six weeks for which the pregnant woman
‘does not avail of eave of absence under section 6,


= | Lavour Laws and Related Obligations

6.9.2 Right to payment of maternity benefits (Section 5) —

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Act every woman shall be ented to, and her
‘employer shall be lable for, the payment of maternity beneft atthe rate of the average
dally wage forthe period of her actual absence, that i to say, the period immediately
preceding the day of her delivery, the actual day of her delivery and any period
Immediately folowing that day.

(©) The maximum period for which any woman shall be entitled to maternity beneft
shall be twenty six weeks of which not more than eight weeks shall precede the date of
her expected delivery.

6.9.3 Dismissal during absence of pregnancy (Section 12)

(2)__The contractor shall not dismiss or discharge @ woman on the account of being
pregnant any time during the contract period

(&) When a pregnant woman absents herself from work in accordance with the
provisions of this Aci, shall be unlawful for her employer to discharge or dismiss her
{uring of on account of such absence orto give natice of discharge or dismissal on such
‘a day that the notice will expire during such absence, o to vary to her disadvantage any
ofthe conditions of her service.

(o)__The discharge or sismissal of a woman at any time during her pregnancy, ifthe
‘woman but for such discharge or dismissal would have been eniled to maternity benefit
‘or medical bonus referred to in section 8, shall not have the effect of depriving her ofthe
‘maternity benefit or medical bonus,

6.10 The Sexual Harassment of Women at the Workplace
(Prevention and Redressal) Act, 2013

{6.101 The contractor must sot up an intemal complaints committee in accordance to the
‘Act forthe redressal of sexual harassment atthe workplace for al the workers under her
femploy. The contractor's staff, workers, labour employed directly or indirectly through
‘sub-contractors or petty contractors wil also be able 10 approach the Railways’ Internal
‘Complaints Commitee set up under the Act to fle a complaint of sexual harassment. In
the absence of such a committee already in place, the person responsible for the
‘management, supervision and control of the workplace at Railways will be required to
Constitute @ committee according to the Act.

6.11 Safai Karmachari Act, 1993

6.11.1 The National Commission for the Safai Karamacharis was constituted under this
‘Ac fo promote and safeguard the interestsiights of Safal Karamacharis,

6.11.2 The guidelines and instructions issued by National Commission for Safai
Karmachar, Govt. of India shall be complied with by the contractor. The National
‘Commission under this Act have the Consttutonal Provisions/Righs to invesigate any
specifc grievances of Saal Karmacharis, Hence, itis the duty of the Contractor to comply
the provisions under this Act.


| Labour Laws and Raed Oblgatons

6.12 Child Labour (Prohibition and Regulation) Act, 1986

Provisions of Child Labour (Prohibiion and Regulation) Act, 1986 along with its latest
‘amendments would be binding on the contractor.

6.12.1 Non-Employment of Labour below the Age of 18: The Contractor shall not
‘employ anyone below the age of 18 as labour directly or through petty contractors or sub-
Contractors forthe execution of work.

6.13 Apprentices Act, 1961

6.13.1 The Contractor shal be responsible to ensure compliance with the provisions of
the Apprentices Act, 1961 and the Rules and Orders issued thereunder from time to time
in respect of apprentices directly or through petty contractors or sub-contractors
‘employed by her forthe purpose of carrying out the Contract

6.19.2 Wf the contractor decty or through petty contractors or sub-contractors fails to
40 30, their failure willbe a breach ofthe contract and the Raaway may, in its discretion,
fescind the contract. The contractor shal also be liable for any pecuniary lability arising
‘on account of any violation ofthe provisions ofthe Act

Note: The contractors are required to engage apprentices when the works
Undertaken by them last for @ period of one year or more andlor the cost of works is
rupees one lakh or more.

6.14 Miscellaneous Provisions

6.14.1 Rallway Not to Provide Quarters for Contractors

(@) No quarters shall normally be provided by the Railway for the accommodation
‘of the Contractor or any oftheir staff employed on the work

{b) In exceptional cases where accommodation is provided tothe Contractor at the
Railway’ discretion, recoveries shall be made al such rates as may be fied by the
Railway for the full ent ofthe buildings and equipment therein as well as charges for
‘lecticty, water supply and conservancy

6.142 Labour Camps and Provisions for Workers

(0) The Contractor shail at her own expense make adequate arrangements
for the housing, supply of drinking water and provision of clean sanitation including
urinals etc. for er staff and workers, directly or through the pety contractors or sub-
contractors

(e) The Contractor shall also make provision for temporary creche (Bal-mandi)
‘where 50 or more workers are employed at a time,

(©) Suitable sites on Raitway land, if available, may be alloted to the Contractor for
the erection of labour camps, either tree of charge or on such terms and conditions that
‘may be prescribed by the Raivay

() All camp sites shall be maintained in clean and sanitary conditions by the
Contractor at her own cost. °


B Labour Laws and Relates Obigatons

6.14.3 Preservation of Peace
(2) The Contractor shail take requisite precautions and use their best endeavours to
Prevent any riotous or unlawful behaviour by or amongst thelr workers and others,
‘employed directly or through the petty contractors or sub-contractors for services, and for
the preservation of peace and protection of the inhabitants and secunty of property in the
neighbourhood of the ste of work/services,

(©) Inthe event of the Railway requiing the maintenance of a special Police Force at
Orin the vicinity ofthe site during the tenure of service contract, the expenses thereof
shall be bome by the Contractor and if paid by the Railway shall be recoverable rom the
Contractor.

6.14.4 Treatment of Contractor’ Staff in Railway Hospitals
{a} In times of emergency or due to lack of availabilty of medical care, the
Contractors labour and thei families will be granted free treatment in Railway Hosptals
‘and dispensaries,

(0). However, the cost incurred for such treatment of the Contractor or her labour
Including the cost of medicines, dressing and diet money according to the normal scale
‘and addtional charges for special examinations such as pathological and bacteriological
‘examination, X-Ray, etc. and for surgical operation etc. may be recoverable from the
CContractorin such cases.

(In all other circumstances, the Contractor and their staff, theic labour and their
amiles requiring medical aid from the Railway Hospital and dispensaries will be treated
2 private patients and charged accordingly,

6.145 Medical Facilities at Site

‘The Contractor shall provide medical facilities at the site as may be prescribed by the
Manager on the advice of the Railway Medical Authority in relation tothe strength of
the Contractor's resident staff and workers

6.146 Railway Schools for Contractor's Staff
During the contract period, the contractor, her stat) employees, workers or any labour
femployed through sub-contractor or petty sub-contractors, can approach the Railway
‘School in the vicinity of the site of work, for admission of their wards, which will be
(granted atthe sole discretion of the Railways,

6.147 Use of intoxicants

‘The contractor or her stat! or any labour employed through sub-contractors or petty
contactors, shall be prohibited ftom the use of any intoxicating substances
including, but not limited to, intoxicating beverages during the service period or on
site or near the site or in any of the trains, stations, buldings, encampments or
tenements owned, occupied by or within the control of the Contractor or any of her his
‘employees. The Contractor shal exerise influence and authoniy tothe ulmost extent to
secure strict compliance with this condition.

6.14.8 Restrictions on the Employment of Retired Managers of Railway Services
‘within One Year of their Retirement

The Contractor shall not, if she is a retired Government Manager of Gazetted rank,
herself engage in or empioy or associate a reired Government Manager of Gazetted
rank, who has not completed one year from the date of reticent, in connection with this,


B Lanour Laws and Related Obigatons

Contract in any manner whatsoever without obtaining prior permission of the President
land if the Contractor is found to have contravened this provision twill constitute
breach of contract and administration will be ented to terminate the contract at
‘isk and cost ofthe contractor and fore eamest money deposit EMO) and performance
(guarantee (PG) of the contract

6.15 Medical Certificate of Fitness for Labour

‘The contractor shall not employ a below 18 years of age. For the purpose of
‘execution of work’ services under the contract, unless a medical certificate of finess in
the prescibed form (Proforma at Annexure-Vill granted to each worker by a
Ceriying surgeon certifying that she is fi to work as an adut is obtained and kept in
the custody of the contractor ora person nominated by her inthis behalf and the person
Carries with her, while at work, a token giving @ reference to such certificate

6.1841 Period of Validity of Medical Fitness Certificate: A certificate of fitness
granted or renewed for the above said purposes shall be valid only for a period of
‘one year at @ time. The certiying surgeon shall revoke a certificate granted or
‘renewed ifn her opinion the holder ofits, no longer ft for work in the capacity slated
therein. Where a certifying surgeon refuses to grant or renew a certificate or revoke @
Cerificate, she shall, i so required by the person concemed, stale her reasons in
wating for doing so.

{6.15.2 Medical Re-Examination of Labour: Where any official appointed inthis behalf
by the Ministry of Labour is of the opinion that any person employed in connection with
te execution of any work under this contrac in the age group 18 0 65 years is without
42 certificate of finess or is having a certicate of fines but no longer ft to workin the
capacity stated in the certitcate, she may serve on the Contractor. or on the person
‘nominated by herihim in this regard, @ notice requiring that such’ persons shall be
examined by a certifying surgeon and such person shall not if the concemed offal 30
directs, be employed or permitted to do any work under this contract unless. she has
‘been medically examined and certified that she has been granted a ceriicate of
fitness ora fresh cerca of fness, as the case may be.

EXPLANATION:

(1) Only Quaitied Medical Practitioners can be appointed as “Certtying Surgeons” and the
{erm “Qualified Medical Pracitoners" means a person holding a quaifieation granted by an
‘uthonty specitied inthe Schedule to the Indian Medical Degrees Act. 1916 (Vil {0 1910) or
inthe Schedule othe indian Medical Council Act, 1933 (XXVI} of 1833.

(2) The Certtying surgeon must be a medical offcer in the service of State or Municipal
Corporation

6.16 Police Verification of Labour employed by Contractor
‘The contractor is required to submit Police Verication certicates for all contractual staff

that she/me will be hiring for delivery of services for Indian Railways. The format for the
‘same is provided in the Annexure XI

ae Tl

Ba Labour Laws and Related Obigatons

6.17 Mandatory Compliance of Government Scheme

‘The contractor must ensure and provide documentary evidence forthe following —

6.17.1 All the workers or labour employed directly or indirectly by the contractor must be
enrolled under the Pradhan Mant Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY), a scheme that aims to
provide al the ciizens of India a bank account, credit facility, insurance cover and debit
card,

6.17.2 All the workers or labour employed directly or indirectly by the contractor between

the ages 18 — 70 years must be enrolled under the Pradhan Mantsi Suraksha Bima

Yojana (PMSBY), an accident Insurance scheme which will be a one year cover,

fenewable from year to year, offering accidental death and disability cover for death or

cisabilty on account of an’ accident. The contractor wil_be responsible {0 pay the
mi annum per member forall her during the contract period

6.17.3 All the workers or labour employed directly or indirectly by the contractor between
the ages 18 ~ 50 years must be enrolled under the Pradhan Mantn Jeevan Jyoti Bima
Yojana, an insurance scheme which will be a one year cover, renewable from year to
year, offering ie insurance cover for death due to any reason. The contractor wil be

contact pend

6.17.4 The contractor must submit documentary evidence to show the coverage ofall her
workers or labour under the above mentioned schemes at all imes during the contract
Period on an annual bass.


B Determination of Contact

Vil. DETERMINATION OF CONTRACT

7.4. Right of Railway to Determine the Contract

‘The Railway shall be entiled to determine and terminate the contract at anytime shoul,
in the Railway opinion, the cessation of work becomes necessary owing to paucty of
funds or from any other cause whatever, in which case the value. of approved
‘materials at site andi oF of work done to date by the Contractor will be paid for in full
fat the rate speciied in the contract. Notice in wring ftom the Railway of such
<etermination and the reasons therefore shall be conclusive evidence thereof

7.2. Payment on Determination of Contract

‘Should the contract be determined under clause 7.1 and the Contractor claims payment
for expencsure incured by her inthe expectation of completing the whole of the work, the
Railways. shall admit and consider such claims as are deemed reasonable and are
Supported by vouchers. to. the satisfaction of the Manager. The Railway's decision on
‘the necessity and propriety of such expenelture shall be final and conclusive,

7.3. No Claim on Compensation

The Contractor shall have no claim to any payment of compensation or otherwise,
howsoever on account of any. profit or advantage which she might have derived
from. the execution of the work in full but which she did not derive in consequence of
determination of contract.

7.4. Determination of Contract Owing to Default of Contractor
Ifthe Contractor should —

(2) Become bankrupt or insolvent, or
(6) Make an arrangement wih of assignment in favour of her creditors, or agree to
Carty out the contract under a Commitee of Inspection of her creditors, or
ing @ Company or Corporation, go into liquidation (other than & voluntary
liguidation forthe purposes of amalgamation or reconstruction), or
(4) Have an execution levied on her goods or property onthe services, or
(e) Assign the contract or any part thereof otherwise than as provided in Clause 4.5,
fof these Conditions, or
(9. Abandon the contract, or
(g) Pereistenty disregard. the instructions of the Manager, or contravene any
provisions of the contract, or
to adhere to the agreed programme of work by a margin of 10% of the
stipulated period, oF
(Have been imposed with maximum cumulative penalty as per Clause 4.17.1, or

©

(0)

Ce ea


bl Determinaton of Contract

C)
o
m

(0)

co)

)

Fall to remove materials from the site or to pull down and rectify service
wherever applicable after receiving from the Manager notice to the effect that
the said materiais oF

Have been condemned or rejected under Clause 4.26, 4.27 and 4.28 of these
Conditions, oF

Fall to take steps to employ competent or additional staff and labour as
Fequired under Clause 4.26 of the Coneitions, or

Fall to afford the Manager or Manager's representative proper facities for
inspecting the services or any part thereof as required under Clause 4.29 of
the Conditions, oF

Promise, offer of give any bribe, commission, git or advantage either herself or
‘through her partner, agent of servant to any officer of employee of the
Railway or to any person on her or on their behat in relation tothe execution of
this or any other contrac with this Railway.

A any time after the Bid relating tothe contract, has been signed and submited
by the Contractor, being a partnership firm admits as one of its partners or
temployees under it, or being an incorporated company elect or nominate or
allow to act as one of is directors or employee under it in any capacity
‘whatsoever, any retired offcer of the Gazetted rank or any other retired
Gazetted officer working before her retirement, whether in the executive or
‘administrative capacity, oF whether holding any pensionable post or not, inthe
Railways forthe time being owned and administered by the President of India
before the expiry of one year from the date of retirement from the said service of
‘such office, unless such officer has obtained permission from the President of
India or any officer duly authorised by her inthis behalf, to become a partner or
‘a director orto take employment under the contract as the case may be, or

Failto lve atthe time of submiting the said bic:

(0) The corect information as tothe date of retirement of such retired officer
{rom the said service, or as to whether any such retited officer was under the
‘employment ofthe Contractor atthe time of submiting the said Bid, or

(i) The correct information as. to such officers obtaining permission to take
‘employment under the Contractor, or

‘Being @ partnership fim, the correct information as to, whether any of its

partners was such a retired offcer, or

(iv) Being in incorporated company, corect information as to whether any ofits
directors was such a retired officer, o¢

(¥) Being such a retired officer suppress and not disclose at the time of
‘submitng the said Bid the fact of her being such a retired officer or make
at the time of submiting the said Bid @ wrong statement in relation to her
‘obiaining permission to take the contractor ifthe Contractor be a partnership
firm or an incorporated company to be a partner or director of such fm or
Company as the case may be orto seek employment under the Contractor.

co

‘Then and in any of the said clause, the manger on behalf of the Railway may serve the
Contractor with notices stipulated in the clauses 7.4.1, 7.428 7.43.

TAA.

()

Performance Notice

In the event ofthe above and in any of the said clauses, the Manager on behalf of

the Railway may serve the Contractor with @ Performance notice as per Annoxure-Xil

ossie- Shoes ator IW),

[=| Determination of Contract

in writing to the effect to make good the defauit as well as ination of bidding process for
the balance service,

() Railways reserves the right to float a new tender and invite bids forthe delivery of
series to replace the contractor put on notice, trom the date on which this notice is
served. The existing contractor stall not be aliowed to participate in any bid which
includes delvery of balance services of subject contract. However, in case the existing
contractor's performance has improved to the satisfaction of the Manager, then
Railways may terminate the bid proceedings, at any stage ofthe bid process.

(6) Notwithstanding Railway’ ination of the bidding process, the financial bids shall be
‘opened only afer the termination of the subject contract.

(@) Afer the issue of this notice, the performance of contractor shall be assessed on a
weekly basis by the manager. Manager, if saisfed with the improvement in the
performance of contractor, may issue aleter of revocation of the performance notice
8 per Annexure-Xll Ifthe performance is found unsatisfactory after the fist week or
hereafter, then Railways will be at liberty to issue the 7-day notice, which will be

govemed by Section 7.4.2.

7.4.2. Seven Days’ Notice

Alter delivery of the performance notice to the contractor, i she does not proceed to
‘make good her default and carry on the services or comply with such directions as
aforesaid, to the entire salisfactn of the Manager, the Railway shall be entiled {0
serve 7 days’ notice as per Annexure-XIV, further in wring to ether commence the
Service or improve qualty of services tothe prescribed standard. The failure to do so shall
entail a termination notice being served under the hand of the Manager. to rescind the
Contract as @ whole or in part or parts (as may be specified in such notice,

7.4.3. Termination Notice

{f no action to commence the service or improve the quality thereof is taken by the
Contractor with in the 7 days notice period, then a final termination notice as per
‘Annexure ~ XV shall be issued,

7.8 Right Of Railway After Rescission Of Contract Owing
To Default Of Contractor

{nthe event of any or several ofthe courses, referred to in clause 7.4.3, being adopted:

7.8.1. The Contractor shall have no claim to compensation for any loss sustained by her
by reason of her having purchased or procured any materials or entered into. any
‘commitments or made any advances on account of or with a view to the delivery ofthe
‘Services wherever applicable or the performance of the contrat and Contractor shal not
be entited to recover or be paid any sum for the services wherever applicable thereto
‘actually performed under the contract unless and unt the Manager shall have certiied
the performance of such services wherever applicable and the value payable in
fespect thereof and the Contractor shall only be eniled to be paid the value s0.ceried

re OS ta

| «| Determination of Contract

7.5.2. The Manager or the Managers Representative shall be entiled to take
possession of any materials, tools, implements, machinery and buildings on the services
wnerever applicable or on the property on which these are being or ought to have been
executed, and to retain and employ the same in the further execution of the services:
wherever applicable or any part thereof unl the completion of the services without the
Contractor being ented to any compensation for the use and employment thereof or for
‘wear and tear or destruction thereof,

7.8.3.The Manager shall as soon as may be practicable after removal of the
Contractor fxand determine ex parte or by or after reference to the parties or after
such investigation or enquiries as she may consider fi to make or institute and shall certify
‘what amount (if any) had atthe time of rescission ofthe contract been reasonably earned
by oF would reasonably accrue to the Contracor in respect of the services then actually
‘done by her under the contract and what was the value of any unused, or partially used
materials, any tools and plants

‘amount due to the contractor af
Manager should be released expeditiously.


| «| Sateen of sts Aran Res

vill. SETTLEMENT OF DISPUTES —
INDIAN RAILWAY ARBITRATION RULES

8.1. Matters Finally Determined by the Railways

All éisputes and diferences of any kind whatsoever arising out of or in connection with the
‘contract, whether during the progress of the work or afer its completion and whether
before or afer the determination of the contrac, shall be referred by the contractor to
the GM and the GM shall, within 120 days after receipt of the contractor's
representation, make and notify decisions on all matters referred to by the contractor in
wating provided that matters for which provision has been made in Clauses 3.5, 413,
4224, 441.1, 54.2, 5.5.2. (0), 65, 6.8, 6.7, 6.8, 7.1, 7.2, and 7.4 and sub clauses
thereof of General Conditions of Contract for Services or in any Clause of the Special
Conditions ofthe Contract shall be deemed as ‘excepted matters’ (matters not arbitrable)
‘and decisions of the Railway authorty, thereon shall be final and binding on the
Contractor; provided futher thal ‘excepted matters’ shal stand specicaly excluded from
the purview of the Aritration Clause,

8.2 Demand for Arbitration

8.2.1 In the event of any dispute or difference between the parties hereto as to the
Construction or operation of this contract, or the respective rights and labilties of the
pares on any matter in question, dispute or affrence on any account or as to the
withholding by the Railway of any certificate to which the contractor may claim to be
entitled to, orf the Railway fails to make a decision within 120 days, hen and in any such
ase, but except in any of the “excepted matters” referred to in Clause 63 of those.
Conditions, the contractor, ater 120 days but within 180 days of his presenting his final
claim on disputed matters shall demand in wing thatthe dspule or difference be referred
to arbitration

821.4 (@) The demand for arbitration shall specify the matters which are in
uestion, or subject of the dispute or difference as also the amount of claim item-wise
Only such dispute or dference, in respect of which the demand has been made, together
with counter ciaims or set off, given by the Railway, shal be refered to arbitration and
‘ther matters shal not be included inthe reference.

(©) The parties may waive off the applicability of sub-section 12(5) of Arbitration and
Conciliation (Amendment) Act 2015, i they agree for such waiver in vnting, efter dispute
‘having arisen between them, in the format given under Annexure Xl of these conditions.

wie — Ved beau

| © | Setlerent of Disputes sR Atraion Rules

.2 (a) The Arbitration proceedings shall be assumed to have commenced from the
y, a witten and valid demand for arbitration is received by the Railway.

(0) The claimant shall submit his claim stating the facts supporting the claims alongwith all
the relevant documents and the relief or remedy sought against each caim within a period
(0f 30 days from the date of appointment of the Arbitral Tribunal

(6) The Railway shall submit its defence statement and counter claims), if any, within a
Period of 60 days of receipt of copy of claims from Tribunal thereafter, unless otherwise
‘extension has been granted by Tribunal

(4) Place of Arbitration : The place of arbitration would be within the geographical limits of
the Division of the Railway where the cause of action arose or the Headquarters of the
concemed Railway or any ther place withthe witten consent of both the parties.

18.2.3. No new claim shall be added during proceedings by either party. However, @ party

'ay amend or supplement the original claim or defence thereof during the course of
arbitration proceedings subject to acceptance by Tribunal having due regard to the delay
in making i.

8.2.4 Ifthe contractor(s) doesido not prefer hertheir specific and final claims in wating,

within a period of 9 days of receiving the intimation from the Railways thatthe final bl is

‘eady for payment, Shefthey will be deemed to have waived hertnelrclaim(s) and the

Railway shall be discharged and released of al abilties under the contract in respect of
ese claims,

8.3. Obligation During Pendency Of Arbitration

3.4. Work under the contract shall, unless otherwise directed by the Engineer, continue
‘during the arbitration proceedings, and no payment due or payable by the Railway shall be
withheld on account of such proceedings. provided, however, it shall be open for Arbital
‘Tribunal to consider and decide whether or not such work should continue during
arbitration proceedings.

8.4 Appointment of Arbitrator

8.4.1 Appointment of Arbitrator where applicabilty of section 12 (6) of Arbitration and
Conciliation Act has been waived off

(@) _In cases where the total value of all aims in question added together does not

ceed Rs. 1,00,00,000. (Rupees One Crore only) the Arbitral Tribunal shall consist of a
Sole Arbitrator who shall bea Gazetted Officer of Railway not below JA Grade, nominated
by the General Manager. The sole arbitrator shall be appointed within 60 days from the
day when a written and valid demand for arbitration is received by GM.

(©) _Incases not covered by the Clause 84.1 (a), the Arita Tribunal shall consist of a
Panel of three Gazetted Railway Officers not below JA Grade or 2 Railway Gazetted
Officers not below JA Grade and a retired Ralway Officer, retired not below the rank of
SAG Officer, as the arbitrators. For this purpose, the Raiway will send a panel of at least
four (4) names of Gazetted Railway Olficers of one or more departments ofthe Railway
which may also include the name(s) of retred Railway Officers) empanelled to work as
Railway Arbitrator to the contractor within 60 days from the day when a writen and valid
‘demand for arbitration is received by the GM. Contractor will be asked to suggest to


[=| ettement of Osten Rules

General Manager at least 2 names out of the panel for appointment as contractors
nominee within 30 days from the date of dispatch ofthe request by Railway. The General
Manager shall appoint at least one out of them as the contractor's nominee and wil, also
simultaneously appoint the balance number of arbitrators ether from the panel or from
‘outside the panel. duly indicating the ‘presiding arbitrator trom amongst the 3 arttralors
50 appointed. GM shall compete this exercise of appointing the Arbital Tribunal within 20
days from the receipt of the names of contractors nominees. While nominating the
arbitrators, i will be necessary to ensure that one of them is from the Accounts
Department. An officer of Selection Grade of the Accounts Department shall be
Considered of equal status tothe officers in SA grade of other departments ofthe Railway
for te purpose of appoiniment of arbitrator.

8.4.2 Appointment of Arbitrator where applicability of section 12 (6) of ABC Act has not
‘been waived off: The Arbtral Tibunal shall consist of a Panel of three (8) retired Railway
Officer, retired not below the rank of SAG Officer, as the arbitrators. For this purpose, the
Railway will send a panel of at least four (4) names of relied Ralay Officers)
fempanelied to work as Raihvay Arbitrator duly indicating thelr retirement date to the
Contractor within 60 days from the day when a writlen and vad demand for arbitration is
Feceived by the GM. Contractor will be asked to suggest to General Manager at least 2
names out of the pane! for appointment as contractors nominee within 30 days from the
date of dispatch of the request by Ralway. The General Manager shall appoint at least
‘one out of them as the contractor's nominee and wil also simultaneously appoint the
balance number of arbitrators either from the panel or from outside the panel, duly
indicating the ‘presiding arbitrator from amongst the 3 arbitrators so appointed. GM shall
‘Complete this exercise of appointing the Arial Tribunal within 30 days from the receipt of
the names of contractors nominees. While nominating the arbiators wil be necessary
to ensure that one of them has served inthe Accounts Department.

8.4.3 (a): one or more ofthe arbitrators appointed as above refuses to act as arbitrator,
withdraws from his office as arbitrator, or vacates hedtheroffeelofies or is/are unable of
Lunwiting to perform her functions as arbitrator fr any reason whatsoever or dies or inthe
Opinion of the General Manager fails to act without undue delay, the General Manager
shall appoint new arbtratorarbitators to actin herfheir place in the same manner
which the earier arbiatorarbitators had been appoinied. Such re-consttuted Tribunal
‘ay, at its discretion, proceed withthe reference from the slage at which it was let by the
previous arbitrator),

8.431 (@) The Arial Tribunal shai! have power to call for such evidence by way of
‘affidavits or otherwise as the Arbitral Thbunal shal think proper, and i shall be the duty of
the parties hereto todo or cause to be done all such tings as may be necessary to enable
the Arbital Tribunal to make the award without any delay. The proceedings shall normally
bbe conducted on the basis of documents and writen statements.

() Before proceeding into the merits of any dispute, the Arbitral Tribunal shall fist
decide and pass its orders over any plea submitediobjecions raised by any party, it any,
Fegarding appointment of arbitral Tribunal, vality of arbitration agreement junedicion ar
‘cope of the Tribunal to deal with the dispute (8) submitted fo arbitration, applicability of
time ‘imitation’ to any dispute, any violation of agreed procedure regarding conduct ofthe
arbitral proceedings or plea for interim measures of protection and record ts orders in Jay
to day proceedings. A copy ofthe proceedings duly signed by all the members of tabuna!
‘should be provided to both the partes,


=| setlement of Depues-R Abtraton Rules

(©) Qualication of Arbitrators): (a) Serving Gazetted Railway Officers of not below JA
Grade level. (0) Retired Railway Officers not below SA Grade level, three years after his
‘date of retirement, (6) Age of arbitrator atthe time of appointment shall be below 70 years.
(0 An arbitrator may be appointed notwithstanding the total numberof arbitration cases in
‘which ne has been appointed in the past. (i) While appointing arbitrators) under Sub-
Clause 8.41 (2), 84.1 (0) and 8.4.2 above, due care shall be taken that shethey is/are not
the oneithose who had an opportunity to deal wih the matters to which the contract relates
‘or who in the course of hecteir duties as Railway servant(s) expressed views on allor any
‘ofthe matters under dispute or differences. The proceedings of the Arbitral Tribunal or the
‘award made by such Tribunal vil, however, nat be invalid merely forthe reason that one or
‘more arbitrator had, in the course of his Service, opportunity to deal with the matters to
hich the contract relates or who in the course of heritheir duties expressed views on all or
any of the matters under dispute

(6) () The arbitral award shal state item wise, the sum and reasons upon which iis
based. The analysis and reasons shall be detaled enough so that the award could be
inferred therefrom. (i) A party may apply for corrections of any computational errors, any
‘typographical or clerical errors or any other error of similar nature occurring inthe award of
Tribunal and interpretation of a specific point of award to Tribunal within 60 days of
Feceipt ofthe award. (i) A party may apply to Tribunal within 60 days of receipt of award to
‘make an additonal award as to claims presented in the arbitral proceedings but omited
from the arbitral award,

8.4.4 Incase ofthe Tribunal, comprising of three Members, any ruling on award shall be
‘made by @ majority of Members of Tribunal n the absence of such a majorty, the views of
the Presiding Arbitrator shall preval.

4.5 Where the arbitral award is forthe payment of money, no interest shal be payable
(on whole or any pat of the money for any period ti the date on which the award is made,

4.6 (a) The cost of arbitration shall be borne by the respective parties, The cost shall
interalia include fee ofthe arbitrator's) a8 per the rates fixed by Raway Board from time
to time and the fee shall be Dome equally by both the parties, provided partes sign an
‘agreement in the prescribed format after’ while referring these disputes to Arbitration
Further, the fee payable to the arbitratr(s) would be governed by the instructions issued
‘on the subject by Railway Board from time to time irrespective of the fact whether the
arbitrators) isare appointed by the Railway Administration or by the court of law unless
specifically directed by Hon'ble court otherwise onthe matter.

(©) () Sole Arbitrator shal be ented for 25% extra fee over the fee prescribed by Railway
Board from time to time. () Arbitrator trbunal shall be entitled to 50% estra fee if Award is
‘decided witin six months

{8.4.7 Subject to the provisions ofthe aforesaid Arbitration and Conciliation Act 1996 and
the rules thereunder and relevant para of General Conditions of Contract (GCC) and any
Statutory modifications thereof shall apply tothe appointment of arbitrators and arbitration
proceedings under this Clause,


@ =

‘The following rteria are merely indicative and provided for istrative purposes only

‘Annexure |

Bid Evaluation — Technical Criteria (Sample)

‘No, | Welghtage | Technical Criteria | Documentation Scoring

r ‘20% | Previous Work = Cerilfeate from | Scoring Method
Done | cient firm | For each completed!
‘The bidder shall authorizing payment | on-going similar
submit documents received along with | service contracts with
‘elated to completed! percentage satisfactory

on-going similar penalties imposed, | performance shall be
service contracts contrat wise for | as under:

‘during the fast three completed’ on-going | (a) 100 Marks if the

| Previous financial similar service | bidder has completed
year and the current contracts with | or received payment
financial year along satisfactory as under:
with the detals of performance 4 project > 80%,
Payments received 2 projects >50% or
‘and percentage 3 or more projects >
Penalties imposed 40% ofthe
therein, to classify the advertised value of |
completed! on-going ba
similar service 0S Marks toe

bidder has completed
(oF received payment

contracts in the
following categories:

28 under: 1 project >
40% value completed |

No marks if at
Projects < 40% value
‘completed

Deduction for
Percentage penal
Imposed inthe
respective completed
i J on-going similar


'S.No.| Weightage | Technical Criteria | Documentation ‘Seoring

service contracts;
‘The Score of each
‘completed’ on-going

similar service
contracts wath
satisfactory

performance shall be
Feduced by a
percentage equal to |
e percentage
penalty imposed. in
respective contract
No reduction for

where |
percentage penalty is
| mare than 20% of
contract value shall
not be considered for
calculation of scores
for this purpose.

2a ep
i a a ol
Maa Wes cect oyne Ca" |et aoa
oa
(&) 70 marks - 10
ge coo
pavtin tte aes
Leaheamnd 10 times advertised
it value of work
T 20% ‘Number of years in | Company @ 100 marks-
| cetificate ‘and |(b) 80 marks - 5-
Secs wStu
| |e stg tes |e co mats 2

than year of copylagreement | 5 years |

experience are not |copylcompletion | (d) 40 marks- 1-2
ible) ‘cortifeate etc as years


i? | panera

‘S.No. Weightage | Technical Criteria | Documentation ‘Scoring

| Broo" of operation.

Years shall be
counted trom the
date of agreement

of the work
a | 28% Size of Workforce EPFO-chailanvbank | (@) 100 Marke
account statement | the Bidders

| ‘The Bidder must in suppor of | workforce on roll is |
have @ minimum avaiable manpower | greater than 3 times |
number of personnel (duly submitted to | of the total workforce
(as defined bY “EPFO) in respect of | required in this Bid
Railway the previous four] (@) 70. Marks if
‘acministration) on the quarters preceding | workforce on roll is
organisation's PAY the date of opening | equal to or up to 3
| rol of Bid shoul! be |times the total
‘submitted in support | workforce required in
of theic qualification. | this Bia

(© No marks if
workforce on rol
ployed is less than
16 total workforce
required inthis Bi

Gare — Wil fin

| faves

ANNEXURE -

BID FORM (First Sheet)
RAILWAY
Tender No
Name of Work

To,

‘The President of India,

‘Acting through the
Railway

1. We have read the varius conditions tothe bid attached hereto and agree to abide

by the said conditions. We also agree to keep this bid open for acceptance for a period

‘f____days from the date fixed for opening the same and in default thereot, we wil be

liable for forteture of my/our “Eamest Money” lNe offer to do the work for

Railway, at the rates quoted inthe attached schedule and hereby bind myself ourselves 1

‘complete the work in all respects within months from the date of issue of letter of

acceptance ofthe Bid.

2. We also hereby agree to abide by the Indian Railways General Conditions of

Contract for Services, with all correction slips upto-date and to carty out the work

‘according to the Special Conditions of Contract and Specifications of materials and works

a5 laid down by Rallway in the annexed Special Conditions‘Spectications, Schedule of

Rates with all corection sips up-to-date forthe present contract

3. Asum of Rs Is herewith forwarded as Eamest Money. Full value

ff the Eamest Monay shall sland forfeited without prejudice to any other right or

remedies in case my/our Bid s accepted and it

'2) We do not execute the contract documents within seven days after receipt of
notice issued by the Railway that such documents are ready. and

') We do not commence the work witinfiteen days after receipt of orders to that effec.

4. We amare a Micro and Small Enterprise registered from ..... (body approved by

Ministry of MSME) with registration No... and terminal validity up to .... for similar
service contracts.
5. Until a formal agreement is prepared and executed, acceptance of this Bid shall

Constitute a binding contract between us subject to modifications, as may be mutually agreed
to between us and indicated in the letter of acceptance of myfour offer for this work)
service

Signature of Bdderis

Date


[> lea

ANNEXURE - Il (Conta...)
BID FORM (Second Sheet)
4. Instructions to bidder and Conditions of bid: The folowing documents form part of
bid / Contract:

(@) Bid forms - First Sheet and Second Sheet

(©) Special Condtions/Spectications (enclosed)

(6) Schedule of approximate quantties (enclosed)

(@) Standard General Conditions of Contract and Standard Specificaions for Materials and
Works of indian Ralway as amendedicorected upto latest Correction Slips, copies of
which can be seen in the office of _____or obtained from the office of the
Chief Manage Railway on payment of prescribed charges.

(©) Schedule of Rates as amended / corrected upto latest Correction tips, copies of which
can be seen in the offce of ‘or obtained from the office ofthe Chief
Manager, alway on payment of prescribed charges.

(Al general and detailed drawings pertaining to this work which wil be issued by the
“Manager or her representatives (from time to time) wth all changes and modifications

2 Drawings for the Work: The drawings for the work can be seen in the offce of the
‘and / or Chief Manager, alway at any time during the office
hrours. The drawings are only for the guidance of Bidder(s). Detaled working drawings (if
‘equired) based generally on the drawing mentioned above, will be glven by the Manager or
her representative from time to tim.
3. __ The Bidder(s) shall uote her / ther rates as a percentage above or below the Schedule
of Rates of allway as applicable to Division except where
sherthey are required to quote item rates and must ‘ender for al the items shown in the
‘Schedule of approximate quantties attached. The quantities shown in the atfached Schedule
‘are given as a guide and are approximate only and are subject to variation according to the
‘needs of the Reitway. The Railway does not guarantee work under each item ofthe Schedule
4. Tenders containing erasures and / or alterations of tender documents ar lable to be
‘ejected. Any correction made by tender(s) in hertheir entries must be attested by her / them.
5, The works are required to be completed within a period of ‘months fom the
date of issue of acceptance letter.

8. Earmest Mone
(@) _ The bid must be accompanied bya sum of's.___as_eamest_ money
deposited in cash or in any of the forms as specified, faling which the bid will not be
considered, However, registered MSEs in terms of Ministry of MSMES notification No. 503,
‘are exempted from Eamest Money Deposit.

(©) __ The bidder(s) shall keep the offer open for a minimum period of $0 days from the
date of opening ofthe bid. It is understood thatthe bid documents have been sold/issued to
the bidder(s) and the bidders), is / are permitted to bid in consideration of the stipulation on
her / their part that after submitting her / thei bid subject to the period being extended


liga

further, if required by mutual agreement from time to time, she will not resile from her
‘offer or mosify the terms and coneitions thereof in @ manner not acceptable to the Chiet
Manager/Manager. Should the bidder fal to observe or comply withthe foregoing stipulation,
the amount deposited as Eamest Money for the due performance of the above
stipulation, shall be forfeited to the Raiway.

(6) Ifthe bid is accepted, the amount of Earnest Money wll be retuned tothe successful
bidder after the submission of the Performance Guarantees as per clause 4.1, for the due
{and faithful fulfilment of the contract. This amount of EMD shall be forfeited, i the Bidder(s)’
Contractors) fail to execute the Contract Document within 7 days after receipt of notice
{sued by Railway that such documents are ready or to commence the work within 15 days
(unless otherwise specified) ater receipt of he order to that effect.

(@ —Eamest Money of the unsuccessful Bidders) wil, save as hereinbefore provide,
be retuned to the unsuccessful Bidder(s) within 15 days alter finalization of the bid /
negotiation, but the Railway shall not be responsible for any loss. or depreciation that
may happen to the Secutly for the due performance ofthe stipulation to keep the offer
‘pen forthe period specified inthe bid documents or to the Eamest Money while in their
possession nor be liable to pay interest thereon.

7. Rights of the Railway to Deal with Tender: The authority forthe acceptance of the
tender wil rest withthe Railway. It shall not be obigatory on the said authonty to accept the
lowest tender or any other tender and no bidder(s) shall demand any explanation forthe cause
of rejection of herftheir tender nor the Railway to assign reasons for declining to consider or
reject any particular tender or tenders

8. If the bidder(s) deliberately gives / give wrong information in her / their tender or
creates / create circumstances for the acceptance of her / thir tender, the Railway reserves
the right to reject such tender at any stage.

9. If the bidder(s) expire(s) after the submission of her / their tender or after the
acceptance of her / their tender, the Railway shall deem such tender cancelled. Ifa partner of
1 fim expires after the submission oftheir lender or afer the acceptance of their tender, the
Railway shall deem such tender as cancelled, uniess the fim retains its character,

40. Bidder’s Credentials: Bidder shall submit the documents as demanded under Bid
Evaluation criteria along with the bi.

11. For Manual Bidding:

‘Bid must be enclosed in a sealed cover, superscripted "Bid No. _* and must be sent
by registered post to the address of allway so as to reach
her/their offce not later than __ Hours on the (F deposited in
the special box allotted forthe purpose in the offce of __—————_—éRailnay.
‘This Special box wil be sealed at hours on ‘The Bid will be opened
at hours on the same day. The Bid papers wil not be sold ater hours

13. For e- bidding: Relevant quidetines shouldbe followed.


fees

14. Non-compliance with any of the conditions set forth therein above is lable to result in the
tender being rejected

15. Execution of Contract Documents: The successful bidder(s) shal be required to
execute an agreement with the President of India acting through the

Railway for carrying out the work according to Standard General Condon of
‘Contract, Special Conditions / Specifications annexed tothe tender and Specification for work
‘and materials of Railway as amendedicorrected up to latest Correction Slips, mentioned in
tender form (First Sheet)

16. _ Partnership Deeds, Power of Attorney Ete.: The bidder shall lealy specty whether
the bi is submited on her own or on behalf of a partnership concem. ifthe bid is submitted on
Dena of partnership concem, she shouid submit the certified copy of partnership deed along
withthe tender and authorization to sign the tender documents on behalf of partnership fm. if
these documents are not enciosed along with tender documents, the tender willbe treated as
hhaving been submitted by individual signing the tender documents. The Railway will not be
bound by any power of attomey granted by the bidder or by changes inthe composition of the
firm made subsequent to the execution ofthe contract. It may, however, recognize such power
of attomey and changes after obtaining proper legal advice, the cost of which wil be
‘chargeable tothe contractor.

47. The bidder whether sole proprietor, a limited company or a partnership frm if they want
to act through agent or individual partners) should submit along withthe tender or ata later
stage, « power of attomey duy stamped and authenticated by a Notary Public or by Magistrate
in favour ofthe specific person whether shelthey be partners) of the fim or any other person
Spectcally authorising herthem to submit the tender, sign the agreement, receive money,
witness measurements, sign measurement books, compromise, set, relinquish any claim(s)
referred by the firm and sign "No Claim Certificate" and refer al or any disputes to arbitration,
171 The bidder shall cleanly specty whether the bid is submitted on her own or on behalf
‘of a Partnership Fimidoint Venture (JV)/Socety etc. The bidder(s) who is/are constituents of
Firm, Company, Association or Society shall enclose sel-attested copies of the Consitution
Of their concem, Partnership Deed and Power of Attorney along with their bid. Bid
Documents in such cases shall to be signed by such persons as may be legally competent,
‘Association or Society, as the case may be.

17.2 The bidder shail give full details ofthe constitution of the Finm/JVICompanyiSociety
lc. and shall also submit folowing documents (as applicable), in addition to documents
mentioned above:

(@) Sole Proprietorship Firm: The bidder shall subm the notarized copy ofthe affidavit

(©) Partnership Frm: The bidder shall submit se atested copies of ()registeredinotarized
Partnership Deed and (i) Power of Attomey duly authorizing one or more of the pariners of
the firm or any other person(s), authorized by all the partners to act on behalf ofthe fim and
to submit & sign the Bid, sign the agreement, witness measurements, sign Measurement
Books, receive payment, make corespondences, compromiselsetle/relinguish any claim (s)

Ser


ae

preferred by the frm, sign ‘No Claim certificate’ refer all or any dispute to arbitration and to
{ake similar action in respect of al Bidsicontracts OR said Bid/contract,

(©) _ Joint Venture (JV): The Bidder shal submit documents as mentioned in Clause 2.4 to
sco,

(@) Company registered under Companies Act-1956: The Bidder shall submit () the copies
‘of MOA (Memorandum of Association) and AOA (Articles of Association) of the Company;
‘and (i) Power of Attomey duly registered/notarzed by the company (backed by the resolution
‘of Board of Directors) in favour ofthe individual, signing the Bid on behalf of the Company.

(©) Society: The Bidder shall submit () sel-atested copy of the Cerificate of Registration,
(i) Deed of Formation and (a) Power of Attorney in favour ofthe Tender signatory

47.3 If itis mentioned in the Bid that itis being submitted on behalf offy a Sole
Proprietorship FimvParinership FirmiJoint Venture/Registered Company etc. the afore-
‘mentioned documents (as applicable) should be enclosed along with Bid. if t is NOT
mentioned in the Bid that it is being submitted on behalf olby 2 Sole Proprietorship
FirevParnership Firsoint Venture/Registered Company etc, then the Bid shall be treated as
having been submited by the individual who has signed the Bi.

4174 After opening of the Bid, any document pertaining to the Constitution of the
Firm/JV/Society etc. shall neither be asked nor be entertained! considered.

475 _A Bid trom ViConsoriumvPartnership Firm te. shall be considered only where
permissible as per the Bid! Tender conditions

18. EmploymentiPartnership etc. of Retired Railway Employees:

(@) Should a bidder be a retired Manager of the Gazetted rank or any other Gazetted
officer working before her retirement, whether in the executive or administrative capacty or
‘whether holding a pensionable post or not, in any department of any of the raiways owned and
‘administered by the President of India for the time being, or should a bidder being a
partnership fim have as one of its parners a retired Manager or retired Gazetted Officer as
‘aforesaid, or should @ bidder being an incorporated company have any such retred Manager
(of retired officer as one of ts Directors or should a bidder have in her employment any retired
Manager or retired Gazetted Officer as aforesaid, the ful information as to the date of
retirement of such Manager or Gazetted Officer from the said service and in case where such
Manager or Officer had not retire from Government service atleast 2 years prior to the date
(of submission of the tender as to whether permission for taking such contract, or if the
Contractor be a partnership fir or an incorporated company, to become a partner or Director
as the case may be, orto take the employment under the contractor, has been obtained by the
bidder or the Manager or Officer, as the case may be from the President of India or any officer,
duly authorised by her in this behal, shall be clearly stated in wing atthe time of submitting
‘he bi Bids without the information above referred to or a statement to the effect that no such
feted Manager or retited Gazetted Officer isso associated with the bidder, as the case may
be, shall be rejected


fee

(©) Should a bidder or contractor being an individual on the list of approved Contractors,
have a relative(s) or inthe case of partnership fim or company of contractors one of more of
her shareholder(s) or arelatve(s) of the shareholders) employed in gazetted capac in the
‘any department ofthe. Railway, the authorty inviting tenders shall be informed
of the fact at the time of submission of tender, failing which the tender may be
lisqualiiediejected or if such fact subsequently comes to light, the contract may be rescinded
in accordance wit provision in Clause 7.4 of Standard General Conditions of Contract

(Signature)

Signature of Bidder(s) (esignation)
Date, Raiway


ee

ANNEXURE ~ I (Contd...)
BID FORM (Third Sheet)

‘SCHEDULE OF RATES AND QUANTITIES.

Rates per unt
‘Amount
.) tem] Description of tem of | APProximate in Figures
Ne. WerSenice | quantity | Unt] and (Rs)
No Woras

yy ‘ G 6 7 |

‘The quantities shown in above Schedule are approximate and are as a gue to gWve
the Bidder(s) an idea of quantum of work involved. The Railway reserves the right to
Increase! decrease andlor delete or include any of the quantiies given above and no extra
‘ate wil be allowed on this account.

We undertake to do the work at % aboverbelow the Schedule of
Rates of the Railway ai the rates quoted above for each item (wherever
percentage rates are not invited kindly see note given below)

Dated

Signature of the Bidders)

Note: Columns 1 to § shal be filed by the office ofthe Authority inviting Bid. Columns 6 &
7 shall be filed by the Bidder(s) only when percentage Bids are not invited,


ee

ANNEXURE -

CONTRACT AGREEMENT OF SERVICES

_———____raway

Contract Agreement No,

Dated

ARTICLES OF AGREEMENT made this __day of _20___between President of
India acing through the Railway Administration hereafter caled the “Ralway”of the one
part and herein after called the "Contactor of ther
part

WHEREAS the Contractor has agreed with the Railway for performance of the
Services (Name of work) set forth in the Schedule hereto annexed upon the General
Conditions of Contract for Service Contracts corrected up to latest Corection Sips
heresinio annexed AND WHEREAS the performance of the said works is an actin
which the public ae interested

NOW THIS INDENTURE WITNESSETH that in consideration to the payments
to be made by the Railways, the Contractors wil duly perform the said Services in
the said schedule set forth and shall execute the same with great prompiness, care
‘and accuracy in a worker like manner to the satisfaction of the Ralway and will
Complete the same in accordance with the said specifications and said drawings and
said conditions of contract on or before the day of, 20__and
will observe, fulit and keep all the condiions therein meriioned (which shall be
‘deemed and taken to be part ofthis contract, as the same have been fully set forth
Herein), AND the Railway, both hereby agree that if the Contractor shal duly perform
the said services in the manner aforesaid and observe and keep the said terms and
Coneitions, the Railway will pay or cause to be paid to the Contractor for the said
‘Services on the final completion thereof the amount due in respect thereof at the rates
‘specified in the Schedule hereto annexed.

(Signature) Signature nen
Contractor Railway Designation

(or President of ndia)
‘Address ‘Address - -
Date Date -


wae

Annexure -V

Form XIV (See Rule 76)
‘The Contract Labour (Regulation & Abolition) Central Rules, 1974

Employment Card

Name and address of contractor.

Name and address of Establishment in/ under which contract is caried
on

‘Name of work and location of work Name and address of Principal
Employer

Name ofthe worker
‘S.No. in the register of workers employed

Nature of employment/Designation

‘Wage rate (wth particulars of unit in case of piece-work)
Wage period

Tenure of employment

Remarks

‘Signature of Contractor

Bhd Sepebin pyre egend


ae

‘Annexure -V
Form XV (See Rule 77)

‘The Contract Labour (Regulation & Abolition) Central Rules, 1974

Service Cerificate

[Name and address of contractor.

Name and address of Establishment inlunder which contract Is cartied

[Nature and location of work
"Name and address of the worker.

Name and address of Principal Employer.
‘Age or date o ith

\dontfcation Marks

Parent'sSpouse's name,

‘Ttal paviod Yor which Rate ofwage
employed for | Nature of | (With particular of |
s work done] " untin case of | Remarks
From] To Piece work)
T z 3 7 3 G
Signature


ee

‘Annexure -Vi

Form XVII [See Rule 78(1) (a) ())
‘The Contract Labour (Regulation & Abolition} Central Rules, 1971,
Register of wages
[Name and address of contractor.

Name and address of Establishment  in/under which contract Is caried

[Nature and location of work
Nam

1nd address of principal employer.

‘Wage Period: Monthly

[SINe J Name of —] Serial Wo. | Designationmratue | No.of — [Unis of —[ Daly rate of

| Worker [intne | efworkdone | days | work done | wagesipiece
register of ‘worked vate

workers

i Zz 3 a 5 Ds z

“Amount of wages earned ——

Dase[ Deamess Over [Other cash | Toll | Deductions, |Net | Signatur ital of —

wages | Alowances | time | payments, itany, | amount | efThum | Contractor
(ature ot (aire | paid” |b | other
payment to ature) imprest | represertat
be onal We |
inccsted) worker


ee:

‘Annexure ~ Vil

Form XIX [See Rule 78(1())

The Contract Labour (Regulation & Abolition) Central Rules, 1971

Wage Slip

"Name and adress of con

Name of Worker.

[Name of Parent’ Spouse of the worker

Nature and location of work

For the week fotight month ending

No. of days worked
"No. of units worked in case of piece rate workers
Rate of daly wages/piece rate

‘Amount of overtime wages.

Gross wages payable,

Deductions, i any.

Net amount of wages paid

N@osene

‘Signature ofthe contractor or theit
representative


aes

‘Annexure ~ Vit
FORM XXIV [See Rule 62(1))

‘The Contract Labour (Regulation & Abolition) Central Rules, 1971

Retum to be sent bythe Contractor tothe Licensing Officer

(vr contractor shel send hal youy tum in Frm XXIV fin pete) 80a 0 reach re Lensng Offor
oncemed nt ater tan 20 dye fore coe ofthe al year and a copy eho same shoud aso be Seto
tho ncan Rains atthe sare tne)

4, Name and address of the
Contractor

2. Name and address of the
establishment

3. Name and address of the
Principal employer

4. Duration of Contract: From ...to.

5, No. of days during half year on which:
(@)_ the establishment of the Principal
employer had worked
(©) the contractor's estabishment had
worked

6. Maximum number of contract labour
‘employed on day during the half year-

‘Men Women Children Total

7.) Daily hours of work and spread over.
(@) whether weekly hosday
‘observed and on what day-


fe

(©) 50, whetherit was paid for-

(i) No. of work hours (man-hours) of
‘overtime worked

8. No.of workdays (man-days) worked by -

Men Women Chitiren Total

9. Amount of wages paid -
‘Men Women Children Total

10, Amount of deduction trom wages, any
‘Men Women Children Total
‘11. Whether he folowing have been
provides -
(Canteen
(i) RestRoom

i) Drinking water

(Creches
Firsts
(ifthe answer s yes" state briefly standards provided)
Place
‘Signature of Contractor
Date


ae

‘Annexure — 1
FORM XxV
THE CONTRACT LABOUR (REGULATION AND ABOLITION) CENTRAL RULES, 1971
Annual Retum of Principal Employer to be sent o the Registering Officer
(er pina empayr of registered establishment shal send analy arta in Fm XXV (ndupte)
‘so asta reach te Regsteng Ole cncemed at tran the 13 Feta flowing the end fhe year
to ticnitrdates)
¥

‘ending $1" December
1. Fullname and address ofthe Principal Employer.

2. Name of Establishment
(a) District
(0) Postal Address
(6) Nature of operation/ndusrylwork carried on.

3, Full name of the Manager or person responsible for supervision and control of the
establishment

Number of Contractors who worked in the establishment during the year (Give details

in Annexure)

"Nature of work/operations on which contract labour was employed.

‘Total number of days during the year on which contract labour was employed.

‘Total number of work-days (man-days) worked by contract labour during the year.

‘Maximum number of workers employed directly on any day during the year

‘Total number of days during the year on which direct labour was employed

10, Total number of work-days (man-days) worked by directly employed workmen.

11.Change, if any, in the management of the establishment, ts location, or any other
ppanculars furnished to the Registering Officer in the application for Registration
Indicating also the dates.

Principal Employer
Place
Date
ANNEXURE TO FORM

Name Period of | Nature | Maximum number of | No. of | No. of workdays
‘Address ofthe | contract | of work | workers employe | days (man-days)
Contractor | From-To yeach contractor | worked | worked

Tt 2 3 a a)


wae

ANNEXURE - X
FORM-XI (See rule 223 (¢))
‘The Contract Labour (Regulation & Abolition} Central Rules, 197%
Certificate of Medical Examination
1. Contiteate Serial No
Date.
2 Name

Identitation marks: (1)

@
3. Parents Name
4 Sex
5 son/daughter of.
©. Date of bith, i avatabie andlor cetiicate age,
7. Physical Fitness
| hereby certty that | have personally examined (name) ‘sonidaughter of
residing at who is desirous of Being employed in manual work and
that hismher age as nearly as can be ascertained from my examinations, years
‘and that he/she is fi for employment in a8 an adulVadolescent,

8. Reason for-
(1) cofusal of contifcate
2) conifeate being revoked

‘Signature with Seal
‘Signature/ Let hand Medical Inspectoric MO
‘Thumb impression of worker

Note 1. Exact details of cause of physical disability should be clearly state.
2. Functional productive abilities should aso be stated i cisabiltyis stated


ae

ANNEXURE - XI

POLICE VERIFICATION

PHOTO

(tsp,
Soreeoy
contact)

S.No, | Particulars

7 ull Ware with Aliases
a Parent's Name
ig Nationality

7 resent Adareas i Tal wih

Police Station and District

5 ariod of Residence
ig Hlome/ Permanent Address in
{ull wth Police Station and
District

Declaration (by applicant):

| cortiy thatthe folowing information is correct and compl
the best of my knowledge and belie.

Police Certification:

The details as stated above are correct and the above person does nat have any
‘iminal oF any case registered, pending In any court of law.

‘Signature of Applicant
bate:
race:
Counter signature of
‘Authorized signatory with stamp


Annexure - XI
Registered Acknowledgement Due

PERFORMANCE NOTICE
RAILWAY
(Without Prejudice)
To
Mp
Dear Madamisir,

Contract Agreement No.
In connection with

1. In spite of repeated instructions to you by the subordinate offices as well as
by this office in various letters of even no, dated you have
failed to start service/achieve desirable standard of services ti now.

2 Your attention is invited to this offce/Chief Managers office letter no.
dated _in reference to your representation, dated

3. As you have failed to abide by the instructions issued to commence the
Service / achieve desirable standard of services, you are hereby given a notice
in accordance with Clause 7.4 of General Conditions of Contract to commence
{he service! to make good the defaut, tang which futher action wil be taken as
Provided in Clause 7-4 of the General Conditions of Contract viz. to terminate
‘your Contract and complete the balance services without your participation.

4. In action tothe above, Railway is aso free to invite a bid to procure the balance
‘services without your participation, starting from the date of issuey of this notice.

Kindly acknowledge receipt

Yours fathuly,

For and on behatf ofthe President of india


Ie

‘Annexure - Xi
Registered Acknowledgement Due
REVOCATION OF PERFORMANCE NOTICE

RAILWAY
(without Prejudice)
To

Mis — -

Dear Madamisir,

Contract Agreement No,
In connection with

41. Your attention is invited to this performance notice issued by this office/Chiet
Manager's office vide letter no, dated

2. AS you have improved the delivery of services since the issue ofthe said notice,
the performance notice mentioned at para t above stands withdrawn.

Kindly acknowledge receipt,

Yours faithful,

For and on behalf of the President of Inia


ANNEXURE - XIV
Registered Acknowledgement Due

7 DAYS NOTICE
RAILWAY
(wntnout Prejudice)
To
a
Dear Madani,

‘Contract Agreement No,
In connection with

1. Performance Notice notice under Clause 7.4 of General Conditions of Contract was
given to you under this office letter of even no, dated but you
hhave taken no action to commence the services 7 improve the quality of the
services tothe specified standards,

2.You are hereby given 7 days" notice in terms of Clause 7.4 of General
Conditions of Contract to commence the service to make good the default, faiing
which further action as provided in Clause 7.4 of the General Conditions of
Contract viz. to terminate your Contract and complete the balance services without
‘your participation wil be taken

3.1 your performance does not improve, on expiry of this period, @ notice for
rmination of the above contract shall be issued fo you under which your contract
shall stand rescinded and the services under this contract wil be carried out
independently without your participation and your Performance Guarantee shall also
be encashed/forteted and consequences which may please be noted.

kindly acknowledge receipt
Yours faithfully

For and on behalf of the President of india


ANNEXURE - XV

Registered Acknowledgement Due
TERMINATION NOTICE
RAILWAY
(Without Prejudice)
No. Dates
To
ws

Dear Madamisir,

Contract Agreement No
In connection with

‘Seven days (7 days) notice was given to you under this offie letter of even no.
dated but your performance has not improved! you have taken no
action to commence the services /improve the qualty of the services to the speciied
standards,

Since the period of 7 days’ notice has already expired, the above contract stands
rescinded in terms of Clause 7.4 of General Condtions of Contract and the balance
services under this contract will be carried out independently without your participation.
‘Your paticipation as well as participation of every member/parner in any manner as an
Individual or a partnership fim is hereby debarred from participation in the Bid for
‘executing the balance services and your Performance Guarantee shall also be
encashediorteited

In addtion, your participation as well as participation of every member/partner in
‘any manner as an individual ora partnership fim is hereby debarted from participation in
the bid for executing any work being tendered by the said Railway division for a period of
‘wo years from the date of issue ofthis ete.

Kindly acknowledge receipt
Yours faithfully

For and on behalf ofthe President of Inia

Whore


=] frees

‘Annexure ~ XVI

FIRST AID FACILITIES TO BE PROVIDED TO ALL WORKERS BY CONTRACTOR

[ Workers do nat | Workers
| SI.No, tem enceed 50 exceed 50
‘Small seried ressags 2
1
‘dium sz6 tories arestnge 3 3
i 7 {|
| Lage siz serine eressings 3 6
Lage sia seized bum creasing 3 3
1 ~*~ Packt sterized cotton wool Sams) e
Todine bottle 1 (30mi) ‘1(6Omi)
6
Bote coraring svat having te
dose and mode of administration + (20m) ‘60m
7 indicated on the label
Aaosve plaster ro i
A
‘Snakebite Tancst i ™
A
Bolle of Potassium Pemanganate 7 -
o pours 1@09ms) 11809ms)
Pair of sass 7 7
14
S Fit Ad eat i 7
~ ‘Aspirin Tablets THOO(eaCh FS | T(TOO(each oF F
13. grains)) grains)
. iment Bm 7 7
: Antiseptic slaion 1 1


i) ‘oes

‘Annexure ~ XVIL
REGISTER OF CORRECTION SLIPS.
a ~Tinitats oF
son in
Correction Si Reference Date of Receipt | Pe"

charge of

book

No. | Date | Page | item | Subject -

TOG for Service Ognivacts, 20

ios Ty Minha

