 
 
 
 
 
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF 
CONTRACT 
 
 
FOR  
 
 
PROCUREMENT OF SERVICES 
 
 
 
 
 
Brahmaputra Cracker and Polymer 
Ltd. 
  
(Rev. 0) 
 

General Conditions of Contract - Services 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
2 
 
 
Sl. No.  
Description 
SECTION – I  
DEFINITIONS & INTERPRETATIONS 
1.1 
Definition of Terms 
1.2 
Interpretations & Priority of Contract Documents 
1.3 
Special Conditions of Contract 
SECTION – II  GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS & OBLIGATIONS 
2.1 
Formation of Contract  
2.2 
Signing of Agreement  
2.3 
Addenda/Corrigenda  
2.4 
Liability of Government of India 
2.5  
Site Visit  
2.6 
Action in case of Corrupt/Fraudulent /Collusive /Coercive Practices and Evaluation of 
Performance    
2.7 
Retired Government or Employer‟s Officers   
2.8 
Conflict of Interest  
2.9 
Abnormal Rates 
2.10 
General obligations of Service Provider  
2.11 
Service Provider‟s Representative & Personnel  
2.12 
Service Provider‟s Employees / Personnel  
2.13 
Contract Performance Security  
2.14 
Failure by the Service Provider to comply with the provisions of the Contract  
2.15 
Service Provider remains liable to pay compensation if action not taken under clause 2.13 
2.16 
Change in constitution  
2.17 
Termination of Contract  
2.18 
Amount Payable in case of Termination  
2.19 
Members of the Employer Not Individually Liable  
2.20 
Employer not Bound by Personal Representations  
2.21 
Force Majeure 
2.22 
Price Reduction Schedule 
2.23 
Assignment/Sublet 
2.24 
Liens 
2.25 
Delays by Employer or his Authorised Representative 
2.26 
No waiver of rights 
2.27 
Certificate not to affect right of employer and liability of Service Provider 
2.28 
Language and Measures 
2.29 
Release of Information 
2.30 
Completion Period, Contract Period and Completion of Contract 
2.31 
Independent Capacity 
2.32 
Notice 
2.33 
Confidentiality 
2.34 
Intellectual Property Right  
SECTION – III PERFORMANCE OF SERVICE 
3.1 
Execution of services 
3.2 
Changes In Services 
3.3 
Action and compensation in case of poor service 
3.4 
Suspension of services 
3.5 
Defects Liability Period  
3.6 
Completion Certificate  
3.7 
Final Decision & Final Certificate 
3.8 
Limitation of Liability 

General Conditions of Contract - Services 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
3 
 
TABLE OF CONTENT 
ECTION – IV 
PAYMENT, INSURANCE AND TAXES 
4.1 
Deduction from the Contract price 
4.2 
Schedule of rates and payments 
4.3 
Procedure for Billing of Services 
4.4 
Notice of claims for additional payments 
4.5 
Insurance 
4.6 
Taxes and Duties 
4.7 
Income tax 
4.8 
Statutory variations 
4.9 
Damages to Property of any person and third party 
SECTION – V 
LAWS, HEALTH, SAFETY & ENVIRONMENT 
5.1 
Labour Laws 
5.2 
Safety regulations 
5.3 
First aid and industrial injuries 
5.4 
General rules 
5.5 
Care in handling inflammable gas 
5.6 
Preservation of place 
5.7 
Environment 
SECTION – VI DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND ARBITRATION 
6.1 
Dispute resolution  
6.2 
Arbitration  
6.3 
Jurisdiction  
6.4 
Continuance of The Contract 
 
 
3.9 
Indemnity 

General Conditions of Contract - Services 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
4 
 
SECTION – I    DEFINITIONS & INTERPRETATIONS 
1.1 
Definition of Terms 
  
In this Contract (as defined here-in-after), save where the context otherwise requires, the 
following words and expressions shall have the meanings respectively assigned to them: 
 
"Approved" means approval in writing including subsequent written confirmation of 
previous verbal approval(s). 
 
The "Bid /Tender/Offer" means the proposal along with required supporting documents 
submitted by the Bidder/Service Provider for consideration by the Employer. 
 
  
 The „Bidder/Tenderer” means the person(s) / Firm / company /Corporation 
/Organization/entity, who participated in the Tender.   
 
“Completion Certificate” means the certificate to be issued by the Engineer In-charge 
(EIC) when the Services have been completed entirely in accordance with Contract. 
 
“Completion Date” means the date of actual completion of the services by the Service 
Provider as certified by the Employer. 
 
“Contract” means an agreement between Employer and the Service Provider/Supplier for 
execution of the Service(s) as per Contract Documents and its subsequent amendment(s), 
if any in writing thereto. 
 
"Contract Documents" means collectively the Tender Documents, Designs, Drawings, 
Scope of Services, Specifications, Schedule of Rates (SOR), Letter of Acceptance and 
agreed variations if any, and such other documents constituting the tender and acceptance 
thereof. 
 
"Day" means a calendar day of 24 hours from midnight to midnight irrespective of the 
number of hours serviced in that day. 
 
“Demobilization” means removal of all equipment, machinery, manpower from the site 
after completion of the services with the due permission of EIC. 
 
“Drawings” means and include all Engineering sketches, general arrangements/ layout 
drawings, sectional plans, all elevations, etc. related to the Contract together with 
modification and revision thereto. 
 
The “Employer/Service Receiver/ Company/Owner” means Brahmaputra Cracker and 
Polymer Ltd. (BCPL), a public limited company, having its Registered office at 1st Floor, 
House No 6, Bhuban Road, Uzanbazar, Guwahati, Assam, Pin - 781001 and includes its 
successors, assigns and Site(s)/work center(s). 
 

General Conditions of Contract - Services 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
5 
 
The “Engineer-In-Charge" (EIC) means the person designated from time to time by 
Employer and shall include those who are expressly authorized by him to act for and on 
his behalf for operation/execution of this Contract for Services. 
 
“Equipment/Materials/Goods” means and include all equipment, machinery, stores, 
goods which are required under the Contract for satisfactory performance of Services by 
the Service Provider. 
 
"Fax of Acceptance” means intimation regarding notification of award by the Employer 
to the successful Bidder/Service Provider through a Fax/ Letter  conveying that the 
Tender/Bid/Offer has been accepted in accordance with the provisions contained therein. 
 
“Guarantee/Warranty/ Defect Liability Period (DLP)” means the period and other 
conditions governing the warranty/guarantee/defect liability period of the services as 
provided in the Contract. 
 
"Metric System": All technical documents are given in the metric system and all service 
should be carried out according to the metric system. All documents concerning the 
service shall also be maintained in the metric system. 
 
“Mobilization” means stabilizing adequate infrastructure at designated Site comprising of 
Equipment, aids, tools, tackles, instruments, Goods & Materials, experienced manpower, 
supported with supervising personal in order to provide services as per the provision of 
Contract document. 
 
“Negligence”  means any act or  failure to act (whether sole, joint or concurrent) by a 
person or an entity which was intended to cause, or which was reckless disregard of or 
wanton indifference to, avoidable and harmful consequences such person or entity knew, 
or should have known, would result from such act or failure to act. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, negligence shall not include any action taken in good faith for the safeguard of 
life or property. 
 
The "Service(s)" means and include all services and activities/jobs to be performed by the 
Service Provider in pursuant to and in accordance with Contract or part thereof as the 
case may be and shall include all extra, additional, altered or substituted services and 
approvals from any agency/third party & license(s)/permissions from statutory authorities 
(if any), as required for purpose of the Contract. 
 
The "Service Provider" means Bidder/Tenderer whose tender has been accepted by the 
Employer and includes the Service Provider's legal representative(s), his successor(s) and 
permitted assign(s).  
 
“Service Provider‟s/ Bidder‟s Representative” means such person(s) duly   authorized by 
the Bidder/Service Provider in writing to the Employer as having authority to act for and 
on behalf the Bidder /Service Provider in matters affecting the Services and to provide 
the requisite services to Employer. 
 

General Conditions of Contract - Services 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
6 
 
“Site” means the place(s) provided by the Employer where the Services are to be carried 
out/executed and any other place(s) as may be specifically designated in the Contract as 
forming part of the site. 
 
“Specifications” means and include detailed description, statements to technical data, 
performance characteristics, and standards (Indian as well as International) as applicable 
and as specified in the Contract. 
 
The "Sub-Service Provider" means any person /  firm /  Organization / company /entity 
(other than the Service Provider) and it‟s legal representatives, successors and permitted 
assigns  named in the Contract as a Sub-Service Provider for a part of the Services or to 
whom a part of the Services has been sub-Contracted with the written prior consent of the 
Employer. 
 
"Value of Contract” or “Total Contract Price” means the sum accepted or the sum 
calculated in accordance with the prices accepted in the Contract as payable to the 
Service Provider for the entire execution and full completion of the service, including 
Amendment(s) to Contract, if any. 
 
"Week" means a period of any consecutive seven Days. 
 
“Willful Misconduct” means intentional disregard of good and prudent standards of 
performance or proper conduct under the Contract with knowledge that it is likely to 
result in any injury to any person or loss or damage of property.  
 
“Working Day” means any Day which is not declared by the Employer to be holiday or 
off-day. 
 
1.2    INTERPRETATIONS & PRIORITY OF CONTRACT DOCUMENTS 
 
1.2.1 The documents forming the Contract are to be read together and interpreted as mutually 
explanatory of one another. If there is a direct inconsistency in specific obligation(s), then 
for the purposes of interpretation, and unless otherwise provided in the Contract, the 
priority of the Contract Documents shall be in accordance with following sequence:  
 
i)  
The Contract Agreement  
ii) 
Detailed Letter of Acceptance along with its enclosures  
iii) 
Fax of Acceptance 
iv) 
Scope of Works/ Job Specifications (specific to particular job only, wherever 
provided) 
v) 
Drawings 
vi)  
Special Conditions of Contract (SCC) 
vii) 
Technical Specifications (wherever applicable) 
viii)  
Instructions to Bidders (ITB) 
ix) 
General Conditions of Contract (GCC) 
x)  
Other Documents 
 

General Conditions of Contract - Services 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
7 
 
 
Works shown in the Drawing but not mentioned in the Specifications or described in the 
Specifications without being shown in the Drawings shall nevertheless be deemed to be 
included in the same manner as if they had been specifically shown upon the Drawings 
and described in the Specifications.  
 
Any amendment/change order issued by Employer upon signing of formal Contract shall 
take precedence over respective clauses of the formal Contract and its annexures. 
 
 
 
The higher priority interpretation shall be adopted only to the extent required to deal with 
an inconsistency. Specific term(s) agreed take priority over general statement(s) and 
terms in Contract Document created at a later date govern over terms in earlier Contract 
Document. Subject to foregoing, the terms of the groups of documents set out above have 
equal importance within their group.  
  
1.2.2  Headings and Marginal Notes: All headings and marginal notes to the clauses of these 
General Conditions of Contract or to the Specifications or to any other Tender Document 
are solely for the purpose of giving a concise indication and not a summary of the 
contents thereof, and they shall never be deemed to be part thereof or be used in the 
interpretation thereof the Contract. 
 
1.2.3 Singular and Plural: In Contract Documents unless otherwise stated specifically, the 
singular shall include the plural and vice versa wherever the context so requires. 
 
1.2.4  Gender: Where the context so requires, words imparting the masculine gender shall also 
include the feminine gender and the neuter gender and vice versa. 
 
1.2.5 Severability: Should any provision of this Contract be found to be invalid, illegal or 
otherwise not enforceable by any court of law, such finding shall not affect the remaining 
provision(s)/clause(s) hereto and they shall remain binding on the parties hereto. 
 
1.3 
SPECIAL CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT 
 
1.3.1  Special Conditions of Contract consisting of scope of services, specification of Services & 
items etc. shall be read in conjunction with the General Conditions of Contract, and any 
other documents forming part of this Contract wherever the context so requires. 
 
1.3.2  Notwithstanding the sub-division of the documents into these separate sections and 
volumes every part of each section/volume shall be deemed to be supplementary to and 
complementary of every other part and shall be read with and into the Contract so far as it 
may be practicable to do so. 
 
1.3.3  Where any portion of the General Condition of Contract is repugnant to or at variance with 
any provisions of the Special Conditions of Contract, unless a different intention appears 
the provisions of the Special Conditions of Contract shall be deemed to over-ride the 
provisions of the General Conditions of Contract and shall to the extent of such 
repugnancy, or variations, prevail.  
 

General Conditions of Contract - Services 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
8 
 
1.3.4  Wherever it is mentioned in the Specifications that the Service Provider shall perform 
certain Service or provide certain facilities, it is understood that the Service Provider shall 
do so at his cost and the Value of Contract shall be deemed to have included cost of such 
performance and provisions, so mentioned. 
 
1.3.5  The materials, design and services shall satisfy the relevant Standards, the Job 
Specifications contained herein and Codes referred to. Where the job specification 
stipulate requirements in addition to those contained in the standard codes and 
specifications, these additional requirements shall also be satisfied. 
 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 
 
 
 
 

General Conditions of Contract - Services 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
9 
 
SECTION – II 
 
2.0 
GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS & OBLIGATIONS 
 
2.1 
FORMATION OF CONTRACT  
 
2.1.1 Employer will be the sole judge in the matter of award of Contract and the decision of 
Employer shall be final and binding. 
 
2.1.2 The acceptance of tender will be intimated to the successful Bidder by the Employer 
either by Fax / E - mail /Letter or like means defined as Fax of Acceptance (FOA).  
 
2.1.3 The Contract shall come into force on the date of FOA and the same shall be binding on 
Employer and Service Provider.  
 
2.2 
SIGNING OF AGREEMENT  
 
2.2.1 The successful Tenderer/Service Provider shall be required to execute an Agreement 
within 15 days of the FOA in the format attached/enclosed with Tender Document. In the 
event of failure on the part of the Service Provider to sign the Agreement within the 
aforesaid  stipulated period, the Earnest Money Deposit or initial Security 
Deposit/Performance Security Deposit (as available, preferably the later) will be forfeited 
and Employer may consider the Contract as terminated.. 
 
2.3 
ADDENDA/CORRIGENDA 
 
2.3.1  Addenda/ Corrigenda to the Tender Documents incorporating modification(s) and 
clarification(s) to the Tender Document issued prior to the due date of bid submission 
shall become integral part of the Contract. 
 
2.4  
LIABILITY OF GOVERNMENT OF INDIA  
 
2.4.1 It is expressly understood and agreed by and between Bidder /Service Provider and 
Employer that Employer is entering into this agreement solely on its own behalf and not 
on behalf of any other person or entity. In particular, it is expressly understood and 
agreed that the Government of India is not a party to this agreement and has no liabilities, 
obligations or rights hereunder. It is expressly understood and agreed that Employer is an 
independent legal entity with power and authority to enter into Contracts solely on its 
own behalf under the applicable Laws of India and general principles of Contract Law. 
The Bidder/Service Provider expressly agrees, acknowledges and understands that 
Employer is not an agent, representative or delegate of the Government of India. It is 
further understood and agreed that the Government of India is not and shall not be liable 
for any acts, omissions, commissions, breaches or other wrongs arising out of the 
Contract. Accordingly, Bidder/Service Provider hereby expressly waives, releases and 
foregoes any and all actions or claims, including cross claims, impleader claims or 
counter claims against the Government of India arising out of this Contract and covenants 
not to sue to Government of India as to any manner, claim, cause of action or thing 

General Conditions of Contract - Services 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
10 
 
whatsoever arising of or under this agreement/Contract. 
 
2.5  
SITE VISIT  
 
2.5.1 The Bidder/Service Provider shall be deemed to have visited the Site(s)/work centre(s) 
and familiarized itself while submitting the Tender. Non-familiarity with the Site 
conditions by the Bidder/ Service Provider will not be considered a reason either for extra 
claim(s) or for any delay in performance or any other claim in this regard. 
 
2.6  
ACTION IN CASE OF CORRUPT/FRAUDULENT /COLLUSIVE /COERCIVE 
PRACTICES AND EVALUATION OF PERFORMANCE 
 
 
 
The Bidder(s)/Service Provider(s) are required to abide by the following provisions: 
 
(i) 
The procedure for action in case of Corrupt/ Fraudulent/ Collusive/ Coercive Practices 
containing provisions for putting a Bidder/Service Provider on suspension and/or banning 
list (as the case may be) if such an agency has indulged in Corrupt/ Fraudulent/ 
Collusive/ Coercive Practices.  
 
 
Detailed Procedure is elaborated in the tender document.  
 
 
Further, Bidder(s)/Service Provider(s) accepts and certifies that they would adhere to the 
Fraud Prevention Policy of BCPL and shall not indulge themselves or allow others 
(working in BCPL) to indulge in fraudulent activities and that they would immediately 
apprise the Owner/BCPL/Organization(s) of the fraud/ suspected fraud as soon as it 
comes to their notice.  
 
(ii) 
The procedure for evaluation of performance of Service Provider containing provisions 
for putting a Service Provider on suspension and/or holiday list (as the case may be).  
 
 
Detailed Procedure is elaborated in the tender document.  
 
2.7  
RETIRED GOVERNMENT OR EMPLOYER’s OFFICERS  
 
2.7.1 No Employee/Officer employed in Engineering or Administrative duties in an 
Engineering Department of the States/ Central Government or of the Employer is allowed 
to service as a Service Provider for a period of one year after his retirement /resignation 
/severance from Government Service or from the employment of the Employer without 
the previous permission of the Employer. The Contract, if awarded, is liable to be 
terminated if either the Service Provider or any of his employees is found at any time to 
be such a person, who has not obtained the permission of the State/Central Government 
or of the Employer as aforesaid before submission of tender, or engagement in the 
Service Provider's service as the case may be.  
 
2.8 
CONFLICT OF INTEREST 
 
2.8.1 During the currency of Contract and after its termination, the Service Provider and its 

General Conditions of Contract - Services 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
11 
 
affiliates, shall be disqualified from providing any goods, works or services for any 
project resulting from or closely related to the Services.  
 
2.9  
ABNORMAL RATES  
 
2.9.1 The Tenderer is expected to quote rate for each item after careful analysis of cost 
involved for the performance of the completed item considering all specifications and 
Conditions of Contract. In case, it is noticed that the rates quoted by the Tenderer for any 
item are unusually higher or unusually lower, it will be sufficient cause for the rejection 
of the tender/bid unless the Employer is convinced about the reasonableness after 
scrutiny of the analysis for such rate(s) to be furnished by the Tenderer (on demand). 
 
2.9.2   In case of Abnormally High Rated (AHR) item(s), the same shall be dealt as per AHR 
clause in the SCC (as applicable).  
 
2.10 
GENERAL OBLIGATIONS OF SERVICE PROVIDER  
 
Service Provider shall, in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions of this 
Contract:  
 
2.10.1 perform the services in accordance with the Scope of Services /Specifications and 
Activity Schedule of the Tender Document and carry out its obligations with all due 
diligence and efficiency, in accordance with generally accepted professional techniques 
and practices and shall observe sound management practices and employ appropriate 
advance technology and safe methods. When completed, the job/services shall be fit for 
the purpose for which the services are intended as specifically defined in the Contract. 
 
2.10.2 provide all labour as required to provide the Service unless otherwise provided in the 
Scope of Services or Special Conditions of the Contract.  
 
2.10.3 perform all other obligations, jobs / services which are required by the terms of this 
Contract or which reasonably can be implied from such terms as being necessary for 
providing necessary service as per the Contract.  
 
2.10.4 be deemed to have satisfied himself before submitting his bid as to the correctness and 
sufficiency of its bid for the services required and of the rates and prices quoted, which 
rates and prices shall, except insofar as otherwise provided, cover all its obligations under 
the Contract.  
 
2.10.5 give or provide all necessary supervision during the performance of the services and as 
long thereafter within the warranty period/DLP as Employer may consider necessary for 
the proper fulfilling of Service Provider's obligations under the Contract.  
 
2.10.6 not disrupt the Services of the Employer being carried out by the Service Provider / and 
shall provide access for carrying out job/services to: 
 
 
- 
Employer‟s personnel(s), and /or 

General Conditions of Contract - Services 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
12 
 
- 
any other Contractor(s) / Service Provider(s) employed by Employer, and /or 
 
- 
personnel of public authority(ies)/third party(ies) 
 
 
Further, the Service Provider shall execute the job carefully without causing damage to 
the existing facility(ies) and facility(ies) of third party(ies) and in case of such happening 
shall immediately bring to the notice of EIC..     
 
 
Further, the coordination and inspection of the day-to-day job under the Contract shall be 
the responsibility of the Engineer-in-Charge (EIC). The EIC or his authroised 
representative including any statutory authority shall at all reasonable times, have full 
power and authority to access and inspect the Services wherever in progress either on the 
Site or at the Service Provider‟s premises/workshops and the Service Provider shall 
afford or procure every facility and assistance to carry out such inspection. Such 
Inspection shall not release the Service Provider from any obligation under the Contract. 
 
2.11  SERVICE PROVIDER’s REPRESENTATIVE & PERSONNEL   
 
2.11.1 Service Provider shall appoint a person (“Service Provider’s Representative”) who shall 
be responsible for and authorized to represent it at all times during the progress of the 
Service and to receive and to act on any request made by Employer in the performance of 
the Service pursuant to the terms of this Contract. 
 
2.11.2 Service Provider's Representative shall have full authority to represent and bind the 
Service Provider in relation to any matter concerning the Service Provider‟s performance 
of the services under the Contract and Employer shall be entitled to rely on all the 
decisions of the Service Provider‟s Representative as if they were the decisions of the 
Service Provider. 
 
2.11.3 Service Provider's Representative shall supervise, coordinate and ensure the quality of all 
aspects of his obligations under this Contract. Service Provider shall not change its 
Representative without the prior approval of Employer. 
 
2.11.4 Service Provider's Representative shall liaise with Employer for the proper coordination 
and timely completion of the Services and on any matter pertaining to the same.  
 
2.11.5 Service Provider's Representative shall extend full cooperation to Employer‟s 
representatives/inspector in the manner required by them for supervision /inspection/ 
observation of equipment, material, procedures, performance, reports and records 
pertaining to Services.  
 
2.11.6 Service Provider's Representative shall have complete charge of his personnel engaged in 
the performance of the Service and to ensure compliance of rules and regulations and 
safety practice.  
 
2.11.7 If the Service Provider‟s Representative is found not acceptable to the EIC, the Service 
Provider shall, as soon as practicable, having regard to the requirement of replacing him, 
after receiving notice of such withdrawal, remove the representative and shall not 
thereafter employ him again on the Services in any capacity and shall replace him by 

General Conditions of Contract - Services 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
13 
 
another representative acceptable to the EIC. 
 
2.12 
SERVICE PROVIDER’S EMPLOYEES / PERSONNEL 
 
The Service Provider in connection with performing the Services and remedying of any 
defects, shall provide: 
 
(a) 
only such skilled and experienced personnel(s) in their respective areas; and  
 
(b) 
such skilled, semi-skilled and un-skilled labour as is necessary for the proper and 
timely fulfilling of the Service Provider‟s obligations under the Contract. 
 
 
The Service Provider shall provide skilled / qualified /experienced personnel, if specified 
in the SCC /Scope of Work.  
 
While engaging the contractual manpower, Service Provider is required to make effort to 
provide opportunity of employment to the people belonging to Scheduled Castes and 
weaker sections of society also in order to have a fair representation of these sections. 
 
2.13  CONTRACT PERFORMANCE SECURITY (CPS) 
 
2.13.1 The Service Provider shall provide Contract Performance Security (CPS) to the Employer, 
within 30 days from the date of notification of award (i.e. FOA/Letter of Acceptance) or 
the date specified in the notification of award whichever is earlier, for an amount 
mentioned therein. The CPS shall be returned/refunded three months after Contract 
completion period and Defects Liability Period (DLP), if any. All costs associated with 
CPS shall be borne by the Service Provider. No charges or interest shall be payable by 
the Employer even if the CPS is in the form of a Demand Draft. 
 
2.13.2 The Service Provider shall furnish the CPS in the form of a Demand Draft or a Bank 
Guarantee or an irrevocable Letter of Credit from any Indian scheduled bank or a branch 
of an International bank situated in India and registered with Reserve Bank of India as 
scheduled foreign bank. However, for other than the Nationalized Indian Banks, the 
banks whose BGs are furnished, must be commercial banks having net worth in excess of 
Rs. 100 crores and a declaration to this effect should be made by such commercial bank 
either in the bank guarantee itself or separately on a letter head. The bank guarantee or 
the Letter of Credit shall be submitted in the prescribed format. 
 
2.13.3 If the Service Provider or their employees /agents / representatives or Sub-Service 
Provider (if authorized by Employer) shall damage, break, deface or destroy any property 
/equipment belonging to the Employer or third party(ies) during the execution of this 
Contract, the same shall be made good by the Service Provider at his own expenses and 
in default thereof, the EIC may cause the same to be made good by other agencies and 
recover expenses plus 15% overhead from the Service Provider. The decision of EIC in 
this matter shall be final and binding on the Service Provider.  
 
2.13.4 All compensation, claim or other sums of money payable by the Service Provider to the 
Employer under terms of this  Contract may be deducted from or paid by the encashment 
of a sufficient part of his Contract Performance Security or from any sums which may be 
due or may become due to the Service Provider by the Employer on any account 
whatsoever and in the event of his CPS being reduced by reasons of any such deductions 

General Conditions of Contract - Services 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
14 
 
or sale of aforesaid, the Service Provider shall within ten days thereafter make good in 
form of  bank draft(s)/BG/LC (as the case may be) as aforesaid any sum or sums which 
may have been deducted from or realised by encashment of his CPS, or any part thereof. 
The Service Provider shall pay to the Employer on demand without protest any balance 
remaining due. In this regard no interest shall be payable by the Employer to Service 
Provider for such sum deposited as CPS.  
 
 
 
2.13.5 The CPS deposit shall cover the entire Contract value including extra jobs/ services. As 
long as the CPS submitted at the time of award take cares the extra jobs/ services 
executed and total executed value are within the awarded Contract price, there is no need 
for additional CPS . As soon as the total executed value is likely to exceed the ceiling of 
awarded Contract Value, the Service Provider should furnish additional CPS through DD 
or submit amendment to existing BG/LC to effect the enhancement of CPS. 
 
2.13.6 Failure of the successful bidder to comply with the requirements of Clause 2.13 shall 
constitute sufficient grounds for the annulment of the award, the forfeiture of CPS and 
any other actions or remedies available to the Employer. 
 
2.14  FAILURE BY THE SERVICE PROVIDER TO COMPLY WITH THE 
PROVISIONS OF THE CONTRACT 
 
2.14.1 If the Service Provider refuses or fails to provide the Service or any part thereof with such 
diligence as will ensure its performance within the time specified in the Contract or 
extension thereof or fails to perform any of his obligation under the Contract or in any 
manner commits a breach of any of the provisions of the Contract it shall be open to the 
Employer at its option by written notice to the Service Provider:  
 
a) 
TO DETERMINE THE CONTRACT in which event the Contract shall stand 
terminated and shall cease to be in force and effect on and from the date 
appointed by the Employer on that behalf, whereupon the Service Provider shall 
stop forthwith any of the Service then in progress, except such Service as the 
Employer may, in writing, require to be done to safeguard any property or work 
or installations from damage, and the Employer, for its part, may take over the 
Service remaining unfinished by the Service Provider and complete the same 
through another service provider or by other means, at the risk and cost of the 
Service Provider, and any of his sureties if any, shall be liable to the Employer for 
any excess cost occasioned by such service having to be so taken over and 
obtained by the Employer over and above the cost at the rates specified in the 
schedule of quantities and rate/prices. 
 
b) 
WITHOUT DETERMINING THE Contract to take over the Service of the 
Service Provider or any part thereof and complete the same through other service 
provider or by other means at the risk and cost of the Service Provider. The 
Service Provider and any of his sureties are liable to the Employer for any excess 
cost over and above the cost at the rates specified in the Schedule of Quantities/ 
rates, occasioned by such services having been taken over and completed by the 
Employer. 

General Conditions of Contract - Services 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
15 
 
 
2.14.2  In such events of Clause 2.14.1(a) or (b) above, the following shall be applicable:-  
 
a)  
The whole or part of the Contract Performance Security furnished by the Service 
Provider is liable to be forfeited without prejudice to the right of the Employer to 
recover from the Service Provider the excess cost referred to in the sub-clause 
aforesaid. The Employer shall also have the right of taking possession and 
utilising in completing the services or any part thereof, such as materials, 
equipment and plants available at service site belonging to the Service Provider as 
may be necessary and the Service Provider shall not be entitled for any 
compensation for use or damage to such materials, equipment and plant. 
 
b)  
The amount that may have become due to the Service Provider on account of 
service already executed by him shall not be payable to him until after the expiry 
of Six (6) calendar months reckoned from the date of termination of Contract or 
from the taking over of the Service or part thereof by the Employer as the case 
may be, during which period the responsibility for faulty material or workmanship 
in respect of such service shall, under the Contract, rest exclusively with the 
Service Provider. This amount shall be subject to deduction of any amounts due 
from the Contract to the Employer under the terms of the Contract authorised or 
required to be reserved or retained by the Employer. 
 
2.14.3 Before taking any action as per Clause 2.14.1(a) or (b) if in the judgment of the Employer, 
the default or defaults committed by the Service Provider is/are curable and can be cured 
by the Service Provider if an opportunity given to him, then the Employer may issue 
Notice in writing calling the Service Provider to cure the default within such time 
specified in the Notice. 
 
2.14.4 The Employer shall also have the right to proceed or take action as per 2.14.1(a) or (b) 
above, in the event that the Service Provider becomes bankrupt, insolvent, compounds 
with his creditors, assigns the Contract in favour of his creditors or any other person(s) or 
being a company or a corporation goes into voluntary liquidation, provided that in the 
said events it shall not be necessary for the Employer to give any prior notice to the 
Service Provider. 
2.14.5 Termination of the Contract as provided for in sub- clause 2.14.1(a) above shall not 
prejudice or affect their rights of the Employer which may have accrued upto the date of 
such termination.  
 
 
2.15  SERVICE PROVIDER REMAINS LIABLE TO PAY COMPENSATION IF 
ACTION NOT TAKEN UNDER CLAUSE 2.14  
 
2.15.1 If in any case in which any of the powers conferred upon the Employer by clause 2.14 
thereof shall have become exercisable and the same had not been exercised, the non-
exercise thereof shall not constitute a waiver of any of the conditions hereof and such 
powers shall notwithstanding be exercisable in the event of any further case of default by 
the Service Provider for which by any clause or clauses hereof he is declared liable to pay 

General Conditions of Contract - Services 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
16 
 
compensation amounting to the whole of his Contract Performance Security, and the 
liability of the Service Provider for past and future compensation shall remain unaffected. 
In the event of the Employer putting in force the power under above sub-clause 2.14 (a) 
or 2.14 (b) vested in him under the preceding clause he may, if he so desired, take 
possession of all or any tools and plants, materials and stores at the site thereof belonging 
to the Service Provider or procured by him and intended to be used for the execution of 
the Service or any part thereof paying or allowing for the same in account at the Contract 
rates or in case of these not being applicable, at current market rates to be certified by the 
EIC whose certificate thereof shall be final, otherwise the EIC may give notice in writing 
to the Service Provider or Service Provider‟s Representatives requiring him to remove 
such tools, plant, materials or stores from the premises (within a time to be specified in 
such notice). 
 
Failure of any action by the Service Provider for removal of material/tools/plant/store etc. 
within the period mentioned in notice of EIC, the Employer shall also be entitled to 
recover handling and storage charges @5% of the estimated value of material 
tools/plant/store for each month or part of a month without relieving the Servicer 
Provider from any other related liability. In the event of the Service Provider‟s failure  to 
remove the same within a  period of 6 months or as decided by the EIC,  the EIC may 
take action for removal  through auction or private sale on behalf of the Service Provider 
and at his risk in all respects. The Service Provider shall be liable to pay the Employer the 
handling & storage charges per month or a part of the month from the date of serving the 
notice by the EIC to the date of removal of the materials by the Employer plus overhead 
charges @ 15% of sale value of such materials. In case of negative or zero sale value, the 
overhead charges shall be applicable on the handling & storage charges. The decision of 
EIC w.r.t. such removal and the amount of the proceeds shall be final and binding on the 
Service Provider. 
 
2.16  CHANGE IN CONSTITUTION  
 
2.16.1 Where the Service Provider is a partnership firm, the prior approval of the Employer shall 
be obtained in writing, before any change is made in the constitution of the firm. Where 
the Service Provider is an individual or a Hindu undivided family business concern, such 
approval as aforesaid shall, likewise be obtained before such Service Provider enters into 
any agreement with other parties, where under, the reconstituted firm would have the 
right to carry out the service hereby undertaken by the Service Provider. In either case if 
prior approval as aforesaid is not obtained, the Contract shall be deemed to have been 
allotted in contravention of clause 2.23 hereof.  
 
2.17  TERMINATION OF CONTRACT  
 
2.17.1 TERMINATION OF CONTRACT FOR DEATH 
 
If the Service Provider is an individual or a proprietary concern and the individual or the 
proprietor dies or if the Service Provider is a partnership concern and one of the partner 
dies then unless, the Employer is satisfied that the legal representative of the individual or  
the proprietary concern or the surviving partners are capable of carrying out and 

General Conditions of Contract - Services 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
17 
 
completing Contract, the Employer is entitled to cancel the Contract for the uncompleted 
part without being in any way liable for any compensation payment to the estate of the 
deceased  Service Provider and/or to the surviving partners of the Service Provider's firm 
on account of the cancellation of Contract. The decision of the Employer/EIC in such 
assessment shall be final & binding on the parties. In the event of such cancellation, the 
Employer shall not hold the estate of the deceased Service Provider and/or the surviving 
partners of Service Provider's firm liable for any damages for non-completion of the 
Contract.    
  
2.17.2 TERMINATION OF CONTRACT IN CASE OF LIQUIDATION / BANKRUPTCY, 
ETC 
 
If the Service Provider shall dissolve or become bankrupt or insolvent or cause or suffer 
any receiver to be appointed of his business of any assets thereof compound with his 
Creditors, or being a corporation commence to be wound up, not being a member's 
voluntary winding up for the purpose of amalgamation or reconstruction, or carry on its 
business under a Receiver for the benefits of its Creditors any of them, Employer shall be 
at liberty to terminate the Contract forthwith upon coming to know of the happening of 
any such event as aforesaid by notice in writing to the Service Provider or to give the 
Receiver or Liquidator or other person, the option of carrying out the Contract subject to 
his providing a guarantee up to an amount to be agreed upon by the Employer for due and 
faithful performance of the Contract.  
 
2.17.3 TERMINATION 
OF 
CONTRACT 
FOR 
CORRUPT 
/ 
FRADULENT 
/ 
COLLUSIVE / COERCIVE PRACTICES AND NON-PERFORMANCE  
 
If the Bidder/Service Provider is found to have indulged in Corrupt/ Fraudulent 
/Collusive/Coercive practices, the Contract shall be terminated and the Bidder/ Service 
Provider shall be banned for future business with BCPL. The detailed procedure for 
banning including suspension is elaborated in the tender document.  
 
Due to non-performance of the Service Provider leading to termination of the Contract, 
the Service Provider initially shall be put on suspension list and thereafter on holiday list 
of Employer for a period mentioned in the detailed procedure, to be reckoned from the 
date of communication by Owner/Employer. The detailed procedure for evaluation of 
performance in this regard is elaborated in the tender document. 
 
2.17.4 TERMINATION FOR CONVENIENCE 
 
Notwithstanding anything contained in the Contract, the Employer may, by 30 (Thirty) 
days written notice, terminate the Contract in whole or in part. In addition to the payment 
mentioned at clause 2.18, the Service Provider shall be compensated for de-mobilization 
and other costs incurred at mutually negotiated terms.  
 
In case of such termination, the obligation of the Employer to pay, shall be limited to the 
extent of work/job completed by the Service Provider as per provision of the Contract 

General Conditions of Contract - Services 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
18 
 
upto the date of termination, subject to the Service Provider complying with other terms 
of the Contract. 
 
Notwithstanding the termination of the Contract, the parties shall continue to be bound by 
the provisions of this Contract that reasonably require some action or forbearance after 
such termination. 
 
2.18 
AMOUNT PAYABLE IN CASE OF TERMINATION 
 
2.18.1 In all cases of termination herein set forth, the obligation of the Employer to pay, shall be 
limited to the extent of service rendered by Service Provider as per provision of the 
Contract upto the date of termination, subject to the Service Provider complying with 
other terms of the Contract. Notwithstanding the termination of the Contract, the parties 
shall continue to be bound by the provisions of this Contract that reasonably require some 
action or forbearance after such termination.  
 
2.19  MEMBERS OF THE EMPLOYER NOT INDIVIDUALLY LIABLE  
 
2.19.1 No Director, or official or employee of the Employer shall in any way be personally 
bound or liable for the acts or obligations of the Employer under the Contract or 
answerable for any default or omission in the observance or performance of any of the 
acts, matters or things which are herein contained. 
 
2.20  EMPLOYER NOT BOUND BY PERSONAL REPRESENTATIONS  
 
2.20.1 The Service Provider shall not be entitled to any increase on the scheduled rates or any 
other right or claim whatsoever by reason of any representation, explanation statement or 
alleged representation, promise or guarantees given or alleged to have been given to him 
by any person. 
 
2.21  FORCE MAJEURE   
 
2.21.1  In the event of either party being rendered unable by Force Majeure to perform any 
obligations required to be performed by them under the Contract the relative obligation of 
the party affected by such Force Majeure shall upon notification to the other party be 
suspended for the period during which Force Majeures event lasts. The cost and loss 
sustained by the either party shall be borne by the respective parties. 
 
The term "Force Majeures" as employed herein shall include:  
  
(a) 
act of terrorism;  
(b)  
riot, war, invasion, act of foreign enemies, hostilities (whether war be declared or 
not), civil war, rebellion, revolution, insurrection of military or usurped power;  
(c)  
ionising radiation or contamination, radio activity from any nuclear fuel or from 
any nuclear waste from the combustion of nuclear fuel, radioactive toxic 
explosive or other hazardous properties of any explosive assembly or nuclear 

General Conditions of Contract - Services 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
19 
 
component;  
(d)  
epidemics, earthquakes, flood, fire, hurricanes, typhoons or other physical natural 
disaster, but excluding weather conditions regardless of severity; and  
(e)  
freight embargoes, strikes at national or state-wide level or industrial disputes at a 
national or state-wide level in any country where Works/Services are performed, 
and which affect an essential portion of the Works/Services but excluding any 
industrial dispute which is specific to the performance of the Works/Services or 
the Contract.  
For the avoidance of doubt, inclement weather, third party breach, delay in supply of 
materials (other than due to a nationwide transporters‟ strike) or commercial hardship 
shall not constitute a Force Majeure event.  
 
2.21.2  Notification of Force Majeure  
 
The affected party shall notify within 10 (ten) days of becoming aware of or the date it 
ought to have become aware of the occurrence of an event of Force Majeure giving full 
particulars of the event of Force Majeure and the reasons for the event of Force Majeure 
preventing the affected party from, or delaying the affected party in performing its 
obligations under the Contract.  
 
2.21.3  Right of either party to terminate  
 
If an event of Force Majeure occurs and its effect continues for a period of 180 (one 
hundred eighty) days or more in a continuous period of 365 (three hundred sixty five) 
days after notice has been given under this clause, either party may terminate the 
Contract by issuing a written notice of 30 (thirty) days to the other party.  
Further, the Service Provider shall with all reasonable diligence remove from the Site all 
the Service Provider's equipment and shall give similar facilities to his Sub Service 
Provider to do so. 
 
2.21.4  Payment in case of termination due to Force Majeure  
 
The Contract Price attributable to the Works/Services performed till the date of the 
commencement of the relevant event of Force Majeure with effective recovery/ retention 
shall be payable to Service Provider.  
 
The Service Provider has no entitlement and Employer has no liability for:  
 
a)  
any costs, losses, expenses, damages or the payment of any part of the Total 
Contract Price during an event of Force Majeure; and  
 
b)  
any delay costs in any way incurred by the Service Provider due to an event of 
Force Majeure.  
 
2.21.5 Time for performance of the relative obligation suspended by the Force Majeure shall 
then stand extended by the period for which such cause lasts. 
 

General Conditions of Contract - Services 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
20 
 
2.21.6 Outbreak of War: 
 
If during the currency of the Contract there shall be an out break of war whether declared 
or not, in that part of the World which whether financially or otherwise materially affect 
the execution of the Work, the Service Provider shall unless and until the Contract is 
terminated under the provisions in this clause continue to use his best endeavour to 
complete the execution of the Work/Services, provided always that the Employer shall be 
entitled, at any time after such out break of war to terminate or re-negotiate the Contract 
by giving notice in writing to the Service Provider and upon such notice being given the 
Contract shall, save as to the rights of the parties under this clause and to the operation of 
the clauses entitled settlement of Disputes and Arbitration hereof, be terminated but 
without prejudice to the right of either party in respect of any antecedent breach thereof.  
 
2.22  PRICE REDUCTION SCHEDULE 
 
2.22.1 Time is the essence of the Contract. In case the Service Provider fails to mobilize / deploy 
the required manpower and the complete equipments so as to commence the Services 
within Mobilisation Period and complete the Services within the stipulated period, then, 
unless such failure is due to Force Majeure as defined in Clause 2.21 herein above or due 
to Employer's defaults, the total Value of Contract shall be reduced by ½ (half) % of the 
total Value of Contract per complete week of delay or part thereof subject to a maximum 
of 5 (five) % of the total Value of Contract, by way of reduction in price for delay and not 
as penalty.  
 
The Employer shall be at liberty to adjust or deduct the said amount from amount due to 
the Service Provider / it‟s Contract Performance Security payable on demand. 
 
The decision of the EIC with respect to applicability of Price Reduction Schedule shall be 
final and binding on the Service Provider. 
 
2.22.2 The parties agree that this is a genuine pre-estimate of the loss/damage which will be 
suffered by the Employer on account of delay on the part of the Service Provider and the 
said amount will be adjusted for the amount payable to the Service Provider, without 
there being any proof of the actual loss or damages having been caused by such 
delay/breach. 
 
2.22.3 The Price Reduction will be calculated on the basis of total Value of Contract / executed 
Value of Contract (as the case may be) excluding taxes and duties where such taxes and 
duties have been shown separately in the Contract.   
 
2.22.4 As mentioned above, in case of delay in execution of Contract, Service Provider will 
raise invoice for reduced value as per Price Reduction Clause. If Service Provider has 
raised the invoice for full value, then Service Provider will issue Credit Note towards the 
applicable Price Reduction Schedule amount.  
 
In case Service Provider fails to submit the invoice for reduced value or does not issue 
credit note as mentioned above, BCPL will release the payment to Service Provider after 
effecting the Price Reduction Schedule clause.  

General Conditions of Contract - Services 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
21 
 
 
In the event any financial implication arises on BCPL due to issuance of invoice without 
reduction in price or non-issuance of Credit Note, the same shall be to the account of 
Service Provider. 
 
2.23 
ASSIGNMENT/SUBLET 
 
2.23.1 The Service Provider shall not, save with previous written consent  of the Engineer-in-
charge, sublet, transfer or assign the Contract or any part thereof or interest therein or 
benefit or advantage thereof in any manner whatsoever. Provided, nevertheless, that any 
such consent shall not relieve the Service Provider from any obligation, duty or 
responsibility under the Contract.  
 
2.23.2 The basic scope of Services cannot be sublet. However, on specific request of the Service 
Provider and subject to written consent of Employer, the Service Provider may sublet 
allied/incidental jobs related to the Services. Such consent shall not relieve the Service 
Provider from any obligation, duty or responsibility under the Contract and Service 
Provider shall be fully responsible for the Services hereunder and the execution and 
performance of the Contract. 
 
2.23.3 Sub-letting of whole Contract is prohibited. An undertaking to this effect will be given by 
Service Provider along with each invoice/ bill. 
 
2.24 
LIENS  
 
2.24.1 If, at any time there should be evidence of any lien or claim for which the Employer might 
have become liable and which is chargeable to the Service Provider, the Employer shall 
have the right to retain out of any payment then due or thereafter to become due an 
amount sufficient to completely indemnify the Employer against such lien or claim and if 
such lien or claim be valid, the Employer may pay and discharge the same and deduct the 
amount so paid from any money which may be or may become due and payable to the 
Service Provider. If any lien or claim remain unsettled after all payments are made, the 
Service Provider shall refund or pay to the Employer all money that the latter may be 
compelled to pay in discharging such lien or claim including all costs and reasonable 
expenses.  
 
2.24.2 The Employer shall have lien on all materials, equipments including those brought by the 
Service Provider for the purpose of providing service. 
 
2.24.3 The final payment shall not become due until the Service Provider delivers to the EIC a 
complete release or waiver of all liens arising or which may arise out of his agreement or 
receipt in full or certification by the Service Provider in a form approved by EIC that all 
invoices for labour, materials, services have been paid in lien thereof and if required by 
the EIC in any case an affidavit that so far as the Service Provider has knowledge or 
information the releases and receipts include all the labour and material for which a lien 
could be filled. 
                               
2.24.4 Service Provider will indemnify and hold the Employer harmless, for a period of two 

General Conditions of Contract - Services 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
22 
 
years after the issue of Completion/Execution Certificate, from all liens and other 
encumbrances against the Employer on account of debts or claims alleged to be due from 
the Service Provider or his Sub-Service Provider to any person and on behalf of 
Employer, the Service Provider will defend at his own expense, any claim or litigation 
brought against the Employer or the Service Provider including Sub-Service Provider in 
connection therewith. Service Provider shall defend or contest at his own expense, any 
fresh claim or litigation against the Employer by any person including his Sub-Service 
Provider, till its satisfactory settlement even after the expiry of two years from the date of 
issue of Completion/Execution Certificate. 
2.25   DELAYS BY EMPLOYER OR HIS AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE 
 
2.25.1 In case the Service Provider's performance is delayed due to any act or omission on the 
part of the Employer or his authorized Representative, then the Service Provider shall be 
given due extension of time for the completion of the Service, to the extent such omission 
on the part of the Employer has caused delay in the Service Provider's performance of his 
Services. 
 
2.25.2 No adjustment in Contract Price shall be allowed for reasons of such delays and 
extensions granted except as provided in Tender Document, where the Employer reserves 
the right to seek indulgence of Service Provider to maintain the agreed Time Schedule of 
Completion. In such an event the Service Provider shall be obliged to provide Service for 
additional time beyond stipulated time including Off-days / Holidays or by enhancing 
resources to achieve the completion date/interim targets. 
 
2.26  NO WAIVER OF RIGHTS 
 
2.26.1  None of the terms and conditions of this Contract shall be deemed waived by either party 
unless such waiver is executed in writing by the duly authorized representative of both 
the parties.  
 
2.27  CERTIFICATE NOT TO AFFECT RIGHT OF EMPLOYER AND LIABILITY 
OF SERVICE PROVIDER 
 
2.27.1 No interim payment certificate(s) issued by the EIC of the Employer, nor any sum paid 
on account by the Employer, nor any extension of time for execution of the service 
granted by Employer shall affect or prejudice the rights of the Employer against the 
Service Provider or relieve the Service Provider of his obligations for the due 
performance of the Contract, or be interpreted as approval of the Service done and no 
certificate shall create liability for the Employer to pay for alterations, amendments, 
variations or additional services not ordered, in writing, by Employer or discharge the 
liability of the Service Provider for the payment of damages whether due, ascertained, or 
certified or not or any sum against the payment of which he is bound to indemnify the 
Employer. 
 
2.28  LANGUAGE AND MEASURES  
 
2.28.1 All documents pertaining to the Contract including Specifications, Schedules, Notices, 

General Conditions of Contract - Services 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
23 
 
Correspondence, operating and maintenance Instructions or any other writing shall be 
written in English/Hindi language. The Metric System of measurement shall be used in 
the Contract unless otherwise specified. 
 
2.29  RELEASE OF INFORMATION  
 
2.29.1 The Service Provider shall not communicate or use in advertising, publicity, sales 
releases or in any other medium, photographs, or other reproduction of the Service under 
this Contract or description of the site dimensions, quantity, quality or other information 
concerning the Service unless prior written permission has been obtained from the 
Employer. 
 
2.30  COMPLETION PERIOD, CONTRACT PERIOD AND COMPLETION OF 
CONTRACT 
 
2.30.1 The Completion Period of Service and Contract Period shall be as mentioned in Special 
Conditions of Contract.  
 
2.30.2 Unless terminated under the provisions of any other relevant clause, this Contract shall be 
deemed to have been completed at the expiration of the Defect Liability Period as 
provided for under the Contract. 
 
2.31  INDEPENDENT CAPACITY 
 
2.31.1 The parties intend that an independent Service Provider relationship will be created by 
this Contract. The Service Provider and his/her employees or agents performing under 
this Contract are not employees or agents of the Employer. The Service Provider will 
neither hold himself/herself out as nor claim to be an officer or employee of the 
Employer by reasons hereof, nor will the Service Provider make any claim of right, 
privilege or benefit that would accrue to such employee under law. Conduct and control 
of work will be solely with the Service Provider.  
 
2.32   NOTICE  
 
2.32.1 TO THE SERVICE PROVIDER: Any notice to be given to the Service Provider or his 
duly authorised representative at the job Site under the terms of the Contract may be 
served by the Employer by facsimile / e-mail or through registered post/Courier at the 
address/contact information furnished by the Service Provider. Proof of issue of any such 
notice could be conclusive of the Service Provider having been duly informed of all 
contents therein.   
 
2.32.2  TO THE EMPLOYER: Any notice to be given to the EIC of the Employer under the 
terms of the Contract may be served by the Service Provider, by facsimile / e-mail or 
delivering the same through registered post /Courier at the concerned site office. 
 
2.32.3 Either party may change a nominated address to another address in the country where the 
Services are being provided by prior notice to the other party, with a copy to EIC and the 

General Conditions of Contract - Services 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
24 
 
EIC may do so by prior notice to both the parties. The decision of EIC in this regard shall 
be final and binding on the parties.  
 
2.33 
CONFIDENTIALITY 
 
 
The Service Provider, it‟s Sub-Service Provider and their personnel shall not, either 
during the term or within two (2) years after the expiration of this Contract, disclose any 
proprietary or confidential information related to Service/project, this Contract, or 
Employer‟s business or operations without the prior written consent of the Employer.  
 
2.34 
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHT 
 
 
The Service Provider shall retain the copy right and other intellectual property rights in 
the Service Provider‟s document and other design documents made by (or on behalf of) 
the Service Provider.  
 
 
Subject to the confidentiality obligations, by signing the Contract, within the Contract 
Price, the Service Provider shall be deemed to give to the Employer a non-terminable, 
transferable, non-exclusive and royalty-free right to copy, use and communicate the 
Service Provider‟s documents for the operation, maintenance, repair of the Service and 
Statutory purposes, but not for any other purpose. Such documents of the Service 
Provider shall not be used, copied or communicated to a third party by or on behalf of the 
Employer for the purposes other than those permitted, without the Service Provider‟s 
Consent.  
 
 
             ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 
 
 

General Conditions of Contract - Services 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
25 
 
SECTION - III 
3.0 PERFORMANCE OF SERVICE 
 
3.1  
EXECUTION OF SERVICES 
 
3.1.1 All Services shall be provided in strict conformity with the provisions of the Contract 
Documents and with such explanatory detailed specification and instruction as may be 
furnished from time to time to the Service Provider by EIC. The Service Provider shall 
undertake to perform all Services under this Contract with all reasonable skill, diligence 
and care in accordance with sound industry practice or international / national standards, 
wherever applicable (as the case may be) to the satisfaction of the Employer and accept 
full responsibility for the satisfactory quality of such services as performed by them. 
 
3.2  
CHANGES IN SERVICES 
 
3.2.1 During the performance of the Services, EIC / Employer may make a change in the 
Services within the general scope of this Contract including, but not limited to, changes 
in methodology and minor additions to or deletions from the Services and Service 
Provider shall render the service as changed. Changes of this nature will be affected by a 
written order (i.e. Amendment) by the Employer. The time of completion of the said job 
may be extended for the part of the particular job at the discretion of Engineer-In-Charge, 
for only such alterations or substitutions of the Services, as he may consider just and 
reasonable. 
 
3.2.2 If any change result in an increase in compensation payable to Service Provider or in 
terms of a credit to be passed on to  Employer, Service Provider shall submit to EIC an 
estimate of the amount of such compensation or credit in a form prescribed by Employer. 
Such estimates shall be based on the rates shown in the Schedule of Rates. Upon review 
of Service Provider's estimate, Employer shall establish and set forth in the written order 
the amount of the compensation or credit for the change or a basis for determining a 
reasonable compensation or credit for the change. 
 
3.3  
ACTION AND COMPENSATION IN CASE OF POOR SERVICE 
 
3.3.1 If it shall appear to the EIC that any service has been rendered with unsound, imperfect or 
unskilled way, or with materials /manpower of any inferior description, or that any 
materials / manpower provided by the Service Provider for the execution of the Service 
are unsound, or of a quality inferior to that Contracted for, or otherwise not in accordance 
with the Contract, the Service Provider shall on demand in writing from the EIC or his 
authorized representative specifying the Service, materials or manpower complained of 
notwithstanding that the same may have been inadvertently passed, certified and paid for, 
forthwith rectify the service so specified and at his own cost and in the event of failure to 
do so within the period specified by the EIC in his demand aforesaid, the Service 
Provider shall be liable to pay compensation at the rate of 1 % (One percent) of the 
estimated cost of the whole Service, for every week limited to a maximum of 10% (ten 
percent) of the value of the whole Service, in event of his failure to do so the EIC may on 
expiry of notice period rectify/re-execute the Service as the case may be at the risk and 

General Conditions of Contract - Services 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
26 
 
expense in all respects of the Service Provider or may terminate the contract due to non-
performance. The decision of the EIC as to any question arising under this clause shall be 
final and conclusive. 
 
3.4  
SUSPENSION OF SERVICES 
 
3.4.1  Subject to the provisions of sub-para 3.4.2 of this clause, the Service Provider shall, if 
ordered in writing by the EIC, temporarily suspend the Services or any part thereof for 
such written order and not proceed with the Service therein ordered to be suspended until, 
he shall have received a written order to proceed therewith. The Service Provider shall 
not be entitled to claim compensation for any loss or damage sustained by him by reason 
of temporary suspension of the Services aforesaid. An extension of time for completion, 
corresponding with the delay caused by any such suspension of the Services as aforesaid 
will be granted to the Service Provider should he apply for the same provided that the 
suspension was not consequent to any default or failure on the part of the Service 
Provider.  
 
3.4.2  In case of suspensions of entire Service, ordered in writing by EIC, for a period of more 
than two months, the Service Provider shall have the option to terminate the Contract. 
 
3.5  
DEFECTS LIABILITY PERIOD 
 
3.5.1  The Service Provider unless otherwise specified elsewhere in the tender document shall 
guarantee the installation/Service for a period of 12 months from the date of completion 
of Service mentioned in the Completion Certificate issued by the EIC. Any damage or 
defect that may arise or lie undiscovered at the time of issue of Completion Certificate, 
connected in any way with the equipment or materials supplied by him or in the 
workmanship, shall be rectified or replaced by the Service Provider at his own expense as 
deemed necessary by the EIC. In case of default, the EIC may carry out such services by 
other service provider(s) and deduct actual cost incurred towards labour, supervision and 
materials consumables or otherwise plus 15% towards overheads from any sums that may 
then be or at any time thereafter, become due to the Service Provider or from his Contract 
Performance Security, or the proceeds of sale thereof or a sufficient part on thereof. The 
decision of EIC in this regard shall be final and binding. 
 
3.5.2  If the Service Provider feels that any variation in Service or in quality of materials or 
proportions would be beneficial or necessary to fulfill the guarantees called for, he shall 
bring this to the notice of the EIC in writing. If during the period of liability any portion 
of the Service/Equipment, is found defective and is rectified/ replaced, the period of 
liability of 12 months for such equipment/ portion of Service shall be operative from the 
date such rectification/ replacement are carried out and Contract Performance Guarantee 
shall be furnished separately for the extended period of liability for that portion of 
Service/ Equipment only. However, in no such case extension will exceed 24 months 
from the date of initial DLP. Notwithstanding the above provisions the supplier's, 
guarantees/warrantees for the replaced/rectified Equipment/Service shall also be passed 
on to the Employer. 
 

General Conditions of Contract - Services 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
27 
 
 
 
 
3.6  
COMPLETION CERTIFICATE  
 
 
3.6.1 APPLICATION FOR COMPLETION CERTIFICATE: When the Service Provider 
fulfills his obligation under the Contract he shall be eligible to apply for Completion 
Certificate. The EIC shall normally issue to the Service Provider the Completion 
Certificate within one month after receiving any application thereof from the Service 
Provider after verifying from the completion documents and satisfying himself that the 
Service has been rendered in accordance with and as set out in the Contract Documents. 
The Service Provider, after obtaining the Completion Certificate, is eligible to present the 
final bill for the Service executed by him under the terms of Contract. 
 
Completion of jobs/services for issuance of completion certificate shall constitute 
completion of jobs/ services as per provisions of LOA/Contract duly accepted and 
certified by EIC.  
 
3.6.2  COMPLETION CERTIFICATE: Within one month from receipt of application from 
Service Provider  after the completion of the Service in all respects as specified above at 
clause no. 3.6.1, the Service Provider shall be furnished with a certificate by the EIC of 
such completion, but no certificate shall be given nor shall the Service be deemed to have 
been rendered until all scaffolding, Equipment(s) & machine(s), surplus materials and 
rubbish brought for/ generated during execution of service is cleared off the Site 
completely. EIC‟s certification about completion of service in all aspects shall be binding 
and conclusive.  
 
3.6.3  COMPLETION CERTIFICATE DOCUMENTS:  For the purpose of Completion, the 
following documents will be deemed to form the completion documents:  
 
i)  
The technical documents according to which the Service was carried out. 
ii)  
Material appropriation, Statement for the materials issued by the Employer for the 
Service and list of surplus materials returned to the Employer's store duly 
supported by necessary documents 
 
3.6.4 EXECUTION CERTIFICATE: 
Execution Certificate against Rate/ Maintenance contract shall be issued by EIC against 
written request from Service Provider. 
  
3.7 
 FINAL DECISION & FINAL CERTIFICATE 
 
3.7.1 Upon expiry of the period of liability and subject to the Engineer-in-Charge being 
satisfied that the Service Provider has in all respect duly made-up any shortfall and 
performed all his obligations under the Contract, the Engineer-in- Charge shall (without 
prejudice to the rights of the Employer to retain the provisions of relevant Clause hereof) 
otherwise give a certificate herein referred to as the Final Certificate to that effect. The 

General Conditions of Contract - Services 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
28 
 
Service Provider shall not be considered to have fulfilled the whole of his obligations 
under Contract until Final Certificate shall have been given by the Engineer-In- Charge.  
 
3.8  
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
 
3.8.1 Notwithstanding anything contrary contained herein, the aggregate total liability of 
Service Provider to Employer under the Contract shall not exceed the Total Contract 
Value, except that this clause shall not limit the liability of the Service Provider for 
following:  
(a) In the event of breach of any Applicable Law;  
(b) In the event of fraud, willful misconduct or illegal or unlawful acts, or gross 
Negligence of the Service Provider or any person acting on behalf of the Service 
Provider; or  
(c) In the event of acts or omissions of the Service Provider which are contrary to the 
most elementary rules of diligence which a conscientious Service Provider would have 
followed in similar circumstances; or  
(d) In the event of any claim or loss or damage arising out of infringement of Intellectual 
Property; or  
(e) For any damage to any third party, including death or injury of any third party caused 
by the Service Provider or any person or firm acting on behalf of the Service Provider in 
executing the Works/Services.  
 
However, neither party shall be liable to the other Party for any indirect nor consequential 
loss or damage like loss of use, loss of profit, loss of production or business interruption 
which is connected with any claim arising under the Contract. 
 
3.9  
INDEMNITY  
 
3.9.1 If any action is brought before a Court, Tribunal or any other Authority against the 
Employer or an officer or agent of the Employer, for the failure, omission or neglect on 
the part of the Service Provider to perform any acts, matters, covenants or things under 
the Contract, or damage or injury caused by the alleged omission or negligence on the 
part of the Service Provider, his agents, representatives or his Sub- Service Provider's, or 
in connection with any claim based on lawful demands of Sub-Service Provider's 
servicemen suppliers or employees, the Service Provider, shall in such cases indemnify 
and keep the Employer and/or their representatives harmless from all losses, damages, 
expenses or decrees arising out of such action. 
 
             ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
 
 
 
 

General Conditions of Contract - Services 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
29 
 
SECTION – IV 
 
4.0  
PAYMENT, INSURANCE AND TAXES  
 
4.1  
DEDUCTION FROM THE CONTRACT PRICE 
 
4.1.1 All costs, damages or expenses which Employer may have paid or incurred, which under 
the provisions of the Contract, the Service Provider is liable to pay to the Employer. All 
such claims shall be claimed by the Employer from the Service Provider regularly as and 
when they fall due. Such claims shall be paid by the Service Provider within 15 (fifteen) 
days of the receipt of the corresponding bills/ claims and if not paid by the Service 
Provider within the said period, the Employer may, then, deduct the amount from any 
immediate moneys due to the Service Provider like R.A Bills, Final Bills, Contract 
Performance Security or any payment becoming due to the Service Provider under the 
Contract or may be recovered by actions of law or otherwise, if the Service Provider fails 
to satisfy the Employer of such claims. 
 
4.2  
SCHEDULE OF RATES AND PAYMENTS  
 
4.2.1  SERVICE PROVIDER'S REMUNERATION 
 
The price to be paid by the Employer to Service Provider for the whole of the Service to 
be done and for the performance of all the obligations undertaken by the Service Provider 
under the Contract Documents shall be ascertained by the application of the respective 
Schedule of Rates (the inclusive nature of which is more particularly defined by way of 
application but not of limitation, with the succeeding sub-clause of this clause) and 
payment to be made accordingly for the Services actually executed and approved by the 
Engineer-in-Charge. The sum so ascertained shall (except only as and to the extent 
expressly provided herein) constitute the sole and inclusive remuneration of the Service 
Provider under the Contract and no further or other payment whatsoever shall be or 
become due or payable to the Service Provider under the Contract.  
 
4.2.2  SCHEDULE OF RATES TO BE INCLUSIVE 
 
The prices/rates quoted by the Service Provider shall remain firm till the issue of Final 
Certificate and shall not be subject to escalation. Schedule of Rates shall be deemed to 
include and cover all costs, expenses and liabilities of every description and all risks of 
every kind to be taken in rendering the services to the Employer by the Service Provider. 
The Service Provider shall be deemed to have known the nature, scope, magnitude and 
the extent of the service though the Contract Document may not fully and precisely 
furnish/specify them. The Tenderer shall deemed to include the requisite services as may 
be required to complete the Services properly including remedying of any defect therein.  
 
4.2.3 SCHEDULE 
OF 
RATES 
TO 
COVER 
CONSTRUCTION 
EQUIPMENTS, 
MATERIALS, LABOUR ETC. 
 
Without in any way limiting the provisions of the preceding sub-clause the Schedule of 

General Conditions of Contract - Services 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
30 
 
Rates shall be deemed to include and cover the cost of all construction equipment, 
temporary work (except as provided for herein), pumps, materials, labour, insurance, 
fuel, consumables, stores & appliances and such other items / equipments / materials as 
required for carrying out the services by the Service Provider and all other matters in 
connection with each item in the Schedule of Rates and the execution of the Service or 
any portion thereof finished, complete in every respect and maintained as shown or 
described in the Contract Documents or as may be ordered in writing during the 
continuance of the Contract.  
 
4.2.4 SCHEDULE OF RATES TO COVER ROYALTIES, RENTS AND CLAIMS 
 
The Schedule of Rates (i.e., Value of Contract) shall be deemed to include and cover the 
cost of all royalties and fees for the articles and processes, protected by letters, patent or 
otherwise incorporated in or used in connection with the Service, also all royalties, rents 
and other payments in connection with obtaining materials of whatsoever kind for the 
Service and shall include an indemnity to the Employer which the Service Provider 
hereby gives against all actions, proceedings, claims, damages, costs and expenses arising 
from the incorporation in or use in the Service of any such articles, processes or 
materials, octroi or other municipal or local Board Charges, if levied on materials, 
equipment or machineries to be brought to site for use for Services shall be borne by the 
Service Provider. 
 
4.2.5  SCHEDULE OF RATES TO COVER TAXES AND DUTIES 
 
No exemption or reduction of Customs Duties, GST, Works Contract Tax or any port 
dues, transport charges, stamp duties or Central or State Government or local Body or 
Municipal Taxes or duties, taxes or charges (from or of any other body), entry tax, 
whatsoever, will be granted or obtained, all of which expenses shall be deemed to be 
included in and covered by the Schedule of Rates, unless mentioned specifically 
elsewhere in the Tender Document. The Service Provider shall also obtain and pay for all 
permits/licenses or other privileges necessary to complete the Service. 
 
4.2.6  SCHEDULE OF RATES TO COVER RISKS OF DELAY 
 
The Schedule of Rates shall be deemed to include and cover the risk of all possibilities of 
delay and interference with the Service Provider's conduct/peformance of Services which 
occurs from any causes including orders of the Employer in the exercise of his power and 
on account of extension of time granted due to various reasons and for all other possible 
or probable causes of delay. 
 
4.2.7  SCHEDULE OF RATES CANNOT BE ALTERED 
 
For Service under unit rate basis, no alteration will be allowed in the Schedule of Rates 
by reason of services or any part of them being modified, altered, extended, diminished 
or committed. The Schedule of Rates are fully inclusive of rates which have been fixed 
by the Service Provider and agreed to by the Employer and cannot be altered. For 
lumpsum Contracts, the payment will be made according to the Service actually carried 

General Conditions of Contract - Services 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
31 
 
out, for which purpose an item wise, or work wise Schedule of Rates shall be furnished, 
suitable for evaluating the value of Service provided and preparing running account bill. 
Payment for any additional Service which is not covered in the Schedule of Rates shall 
only be released on issuance of Amendment to LOA/Contract by the Employer. 
 
4.3  
PROCEDURE FOR BILLING OF SERVICES 
 
4.3.1   BILLING PROCEDURE 
 
 
Following procedures shall be adopted for billing of services executed by the Service 
Provider. 
 
4.3.1.1 The Bill(s) complete in all respect with details and enclosure(s) is to be submitted  by 
Service Provider in line with terms of  the Contract. Employer shall make all endeavour 
to release payments of undisputed amount of the bills submitted within 15 (Fifteen) days 
from the date of certification by the Engineer-in-Charge.  
 
4.3.1.2 COMPUTERISED BILLING SYSTEM: Brahmaputra Cracker and Polymer Ltd. has 
introduced Computerised Billing System whereby whenever the Bill(s) are submitted in 
BCPL by a Service Provider, a receipt number is usually generated. The Service Provider 
may also know the status of the Bill through BCPL‟s website. 
 
4.3.2  MODE OF MEASUREMENT 
 
The payment shall be made based on the mode of measurement as specified in the 
Contract. Otherwise, the mode of measurement shall be adopted as per latest Indian 
Standard Specifications.  
 
4.4  
NOTICE OF CLAIMS FOR ADDITIONAL PAYMENTS 
 
4.4.1  Should the Service Provider consider that he is entitled to any extra payment for any 
extra/additional Job(s)/Service(s) or material change in original Specifications carried out 
by him in respect of job, he shall forthwith give notice in writing to the Engineer-in-
Charge that he claims extra payment. Such notice shall be given to the Engineer-in-
Charge upon which Service Provider bases such claims and such notice shall contain full 
particulars of the nature of such claim with full details of amount claimed. Irrespective of 
any provision in the Contract to the contrary, the Service Provider must intimate his 
intention to lodge claim on the Employer within 10 (ten) days of the commencement of 
happening of the event and quantify the claim within 30 (thirty) days, failing which the 
Service Provider will lose his right to claim any compensation/reimbursement/damages 
etc.. Failure on the part of Service Provider to put forward any claim without the 
necessary particulars as above within the time above specified shall be an absolute waiver 
thereof. No omission by Employer to reject any such claim and no delay in dealing 
therewith shall be waiver by Employer of any of these rights in respect thereof.  
 
4.4.2  Engineer-in-Charge shall review such claims within a reasonable period of time and 
cause to discharge these in a manner considered appropriate after due deliberations 

General Conditions of Contract - Services 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
32 
 
thereon. However, Service Provider shall be obliged to carry on with the Jobs/services 
during the period in which his claims are under consideration by the Employer, 
irrespective of the outcome of such claims, where additional payments for Services 
considered extra are justifiable in accordance with the Contract provisions, Employer 
shall arrange to release the same in the same manner as for normal job payments. Such of 
the extra services so admitted by Employer shall be governed by all the terms, conditions, 
stipulations and specifications as are applicable for the Contract. The rates for extra 
services shall generally be the unit rates provided for in the Contract. In the event unit 
rates for extra services so executed are not available as per Contract, payments may either 
be released on day work basis for which daily/hourly rates for workmen and hourly rates 
for equipment rental shall apply, or on the unit rate for Services executed shall be derived 
by interpolation/ extrapolation of unit rates already existing in the Contract. In all the 
matters pertaining to applicability of rate and admittance of otherwise of an extra service 
claim(s) of Service Provider, the decision of Engineer-in-Charge shall be final and 
binding on the Service Provider. 
 
4.5  
INSURANCE  
 
4.5.1 Service Provider shall, at his own expense, arrange appropriate insurance to cover all 
risks assumed by the Service Provider under this Contract in respect of its personnel 
deputed under this Contract as well as Service Provider‟s equipment, tools and any other 
belongings of the Service Provider or their personnel during the entire period of their 
engagement in connection with this Contract. Employer will have no liability on this 
account. The Personnel covered must be covered to meet the liability under Employee 
Compensation Act.  
 
4.5.2 The provisions of this Clause shall in no way limit the liability of the Service Provider 
under the Contract. 
 
4.5.3 If the Service Provider neglects, fails, or refuses to obtain or maintain insurances required 
to be effected, or fails to provide certification etc., the Employer has the right to procure 
and maintain policies at Service Provider‟s expense plus administrative cost of 10% of 
the amount of Insurance premium.  
 
4.5.4 INSURANCE TYPES 
 
Service Provider shall at all time during the currency of the Contract provide, pay for and 
maintain the following insurance amongst others:  
 
a. 
Employee Compensation and Employer‟s common law liability insurance 
covering liability to employees of the Service Provider under the laws of their 
place or employment or place or injury, arising out of injury sustained in 
connection with any of the services. This insurance will be extended where 
submitted by law, to indemnify the Employer against any statutory liability which 
it may incur towards injured employees of the Service Provider. A proof of the 
same should be submitted to EIC for liability in line with Employees 
Compensation Act. 

General Conditions of Contract - Services 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
33 
 
 
b. 
General Public Liability Insurance covering liabilities including contractual 
liability for bodily injury, including death of persons, and liabilities for damage of 
property. This insurance must cover all operations of Service Provider required to 
fulfill the provisions under this Contract. 
 
c. 
Service Provider's Equipment/Materials/Goods used for execution of the work 
hereunder shall have an insurance cover with a suitable limit (as per international 
standards).  
 
d. 
Automobile Public Liability Insurance covering owned, non-owned and hired 
automobiles used in the performance of the work hereunder, with bodily injury 
limits and property damage limits as governed by Indian Insurance regulations.  
 
e. 
Public Liability Insurance as required under Public Liability Insurance Act 1991.  
 
4.5.5   Service Provider shall obtain additional insurance or revise the limits of existing 
insurance as per Employer‟s request in which case additional cost shall be to Service 
Provider‟s account.  
 
 
Further, the Service Provider shall ensure the adequacy of Insurance at all time in 
accordance with the nature of the Service(s), terms of the Contract and Statutory 
requirements.  
 
4.5.6  CERTIFICATE OF INSURANCE 
 
Before commencing performance of the services, Service Provider shall on request 
furnish EIC/Employer with certificates of insurance indicating:   
 
i) 
type and amounts of insurance as required herein; 
ii) 
insurance company or companies carrying the aforesaid coverage;  
iii) 
effective and expiry dates of policies;  
iv) 
that the Employer may give advance notice for any material change in the policy. 
waiver of subrogation endorsement has been attached to all policies; and  
v) 
the territorial limits of all policies.  
 
4.5.7 If any of the above policies expire or are cancelled during the terms of the service, and 
Service Provider fails for any reason to renew such policies, the Employer may replace 
same and recover the charges towards  premium plus administrative charges from Service 
Provider. Should there be a lapse in any insurance required to be carried out by the 
Service Provider hereunder for any reason, losses & penalty, if any resulting there from 
shall be to the sole account of the Service Provider.  
 
4.5.8 Service Provider shall require all its Sub-Service Providers to provide such foregoing 
insurance cover as the Service Provider is obligated to provide under the Contract. 
 
4.5.9 WAIVER OF SUBROGATION: All insurance policies of the Service Provider with 

General Conditions of Contract - Services 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
34 
 
respect to the operations conducted hereunder, shall be endorsed by the underwriter in 
accordance with the following policy wording:“ The insurers hereby waive their rights of 
subrogation against any individual, Employer, affiliates or assignees for whom or with 
whom the assured may be operating to the extent of the Contractual indemnities 
undertaken by the Service Provider”.  
 
4.5.10 Deductible: That portion of any loss not covered by insurance provided for in this article 
solely by reason of deductible provision in such insurance policies shall be to the account 
of the Service Provider.  
 
4.6  
TAXES AND DUTIES  
 
4.6.1 The Service Provider, unless specified otherwise elsewhere in the Contract agrees to and 
does hereby accept full and exclusive liability for the payment of any and all Taxes, 
Duties, including GST now or hereafter imposed, increased, modified from time to time 
in respect of Services and materials and all contributions and taxes for unemployment 
compensation, insurance and old age pensions or annuities now or hereafter imposed by 
any Central or State Government authorities which are imposed with respect to or 
covered by the wages, salaries, or other compensations paid to the persons employed by 
the Service Provider and the Service Provider shall be responsible for the compliance of 
all Sub-Service Providers, with all applicable Central, State,  Municipal and local law and 
regulation and requirement of any Central, State or local Government agency or 
authority. Service Provider further agrees to defend, indemnify and hold Employer 
harmless from any liability or penalty which may be imposed by the Central, State or 
Local authorities by reason or any violation by Service Provider or Sub- Sub-Service 
Provider of such laws, suits or proceedings that may be brought against the Employer 
arising under, growing out of, or by reason of the service provided for by this Contract, 
by third parties, or by Central or State Government authority or any administrative sub-
division thereof. Tax deductions will be made as per the rules and regulations in force in 
accordance with acts prevailing from time to time. 
 
4.6.2 Service Provider shall ensure timely submission of correct invoice(s) with all required 
supporting document(s) as per Contract within a period specified in Contracts to enable 
Employer to avail Input Tax Credit. 
 
If Input Tax credit with respect to GST is not available to Employer for any reason which  
is not attributable to Employer, then Employer shall not be obligated or liable to pay or 
reimburse GST charged in the invoice(s)  and shall be entitled to / deduct/ setoff /recover 
the such GST together with all penalties and interest if any, against any amounts paid or 
payable by Employer to Service Provider. 
 
4.6.3 Where Employer has the obligation to discharge tax liability under reverse charge 
mechanism and Employer has paid or is /liable to pay GST to the Government on which 
interest or penalties becomes payable as per rules (as amended from time to time) for any 
reason which  is not  attributable to Employer or Input Tax credit with respect to such 
payments  is  not available to Employer for any reason which  is not  attributable to 
Employer, then Employer shall be entitled to  deduct/ setoff / recover such  amounts  

General Conditions of Contract - Services 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
35 
 
against any amounts paid or payable by Employer to Service Provider.   
 
 
4.7  
INCOME TAX 
 
4.7.1  Income Tax deduction shall be made from all payments of the Service Provider as per 
rules and regulation in force in accordance with the Income Tax Act prevailing from time 
to time. As per the provisions of the income Tax Act, 1961, Permanent Account No. 
(PAN) is compulsorily required to be mentioned in Tax Deduction at Source (TDS) 
certificate issued to the payee. Therefore, the bidder must submit the details of PAN / the 
copy of application filed for allotment of PAN (if PAN no. not available) to EIC 
immediately on receipt of FOA/Contract Document, failing which, TDS will be applied 
as per applicable law and TDS certificate will not be issued. Therefore, in case the 
Service Provider does not furnish PAN, EMPLOYER shall deduct at source as provided 
in the Income Tax Act 1961, or in the relevant Finance Act, or as directed in the orders 
u/s 195(3) or 197 or 195(2), as the case may be, or at such higher rate as may be required 
by Section 206AA of Income Tax Act 1961, from time to time. 
 
4.7.2  In case of foreign bidder, the Service Provider must apply through the local embassy / 
consulate of India for obtaining PAN card. In case, foreign Service Provider don‟t have 
the PAN, then amount will be deducted and deposited as per law and TDS certificate will 
also not be provided. Further, such Service Provider shall comply all other provisions 
mentioned elsewhere in the Tender Document related to making remittances to non-
residents including Permanent Establishment, Tax Residency Certificate (TRC) if non-
resident desire to avail benefits available under Double Tax Avoidance Agreement 
(DTAA), Withholding Tax etc., as per Income Tax Act, 1961 (as amended from time to 
time). 
 
4.8  
STATUTORY VARIATIONS 
 
4.8.1  All duties, taxes (except where otherwise expressly provided in the Contract) as may be 
levied / imposed in consequences of execution of the Jobs/Services or in relation thereto 
or in connection therewith as per the Acts, Laws, Rules, Regulations in force on the due 
date of submission of Bid for this Contract shall be to Service Provider‟s account. Any 
increase / decrease in such duties, taxes after the due date of submission of bid but within 
the Contractual completion date as stipulated in the Contract will be to the account of 
Employer subject to submission of documentary proof to the satisfaction of Employer.  
 
4.8.2  Any increase in the duties and taxes after the Contractual completion period will be to the 
Service Provider‟s account, where delay in completion /mobilization period is 
attributable to the Service Provider and the taxes & duties are not cenvatable (i.e. Input 
Tax Credit (ITC) not available). In case of applicability of ITC / cenvatable taxes & 
duties, payment shall be made as per the prevailing rates during the currency of the 
Contract. However, any benefit of decrease in duties and taxes after the Contractual 
completion will be passed on to the Employer. 
4.8.3 In the event of introduction of any new legislation or any change or amendment or 
enforcement of any Act or Law, rules or regulations of Government of India or State 

General Conditions of Contract - Services 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
36 
 
Government(s) or Public Body which becomes effective after the due date of submission 
of Bid for this Contract but within the Contractual completion period (including extended 
period allowed due to reasons attributed to Employer) and which results in increased cost 
of the jobs/services under the Contract through increased liability of taxes, (other than 
personnel and Corporate taxes), duties, the Service Provider shall be indemnified for any 
such increased cost by the Employer subject to the production of documentary  proof to 
the satisfaction of the Employer to the extent which directly is attributable to such 
introduction of new legislation or change or amendment as mentioned above and 
adjudication by the competent authority & the courts wherever levy of such taxes / duties 
are disputed by Employer. 
 
4.8.4  Similarly, in the event of introduction of new legislation or any change or amendment or 
enforcement of any Act or Law, rules or regulations of Government of India or State 
Government(s) or Public Body which becomes effective after the due date of submission 
of Bid for this Contract and which results in any decrease in the cost of the services/ jobs 
through reduced liability of taxes, (other than personnel and Corporate taxes) duties, the 
Service Provider shall pass on the benefits of such reduced cost, taxes or duties to the 
Employer, to the extent which is directly attributable to such introduction of new 
legislation or change or amendment as mentioned above. 
 
4.9 
DAMAGES TO PROPERTY, ANY PERSON AND THIRD PARTY 
 
i)   
Service Provider shall be responsible for making good to the satisfaction of the 
Employer any loss or any damage to structures and properties belonging to the 
Employer or being executed or procured or being procured by the Employer or of 
other agencies within in the premises of the Employer, if such loss or damage is 
due to fault and/or the Negligence or Willful Misconduct or omission of the 
Service Provider, his employees, agents, representatives or Sub-Service Providers.  
 
ii)   
The Service Provider shall take sufficient care in moving his equipments and 
materials from one place to another so that they do not cause any damage to any 
person or to the property of the Employer or any third party including overhead 
and underground cables and in the event of any damage resulting to the property 
of the Employer or of a third party during the movement of the aforesaid 
equipment or materials the cost of such damages including eventual loss of 
production, operation or services in any plant or establishment as estimated by the 
Employer or ascertained or demanded by the third party shall be borne by the 
Service Provider. Third party liability risk shall be Rupees One lakh for single 
accident and limited to Rupees Ten lakhs.   
 
iii)   
The Service Provider shall indemnify and keep the Employer harmless of all 
claims for damages to property other than Employer's property arising under or by 
reason of this agreement, if such claims result from the fault and/or Negligence or 
Willful Misconduct or omission of the Service Provider, his employees, agents, 
representative of Sub-Service Provider. 
 

General Conditions of Contract - Services 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
37 
 
SECTION – V 
 
5.0 
LAWS, HEALTH, SAFETY & ENVIRONMENT 
 
5.1  
LABOUR LAWS  
 
i) 
No labour below the age of 18 (eighteen) years shall be employed on the Job. 
 
ii)  
The Service Provider shall not pay less than what is provided under law to 
labourers engaged by him on the Job. 
 
iii)  
The Service Provider shall at his expense comply with all labour laws and keep 
the Employer indemnified in respect thereof. 
 
iv)  
The Service Provider shall pay equal wages for men and women in accordance 
with applicable labour laws. 
 
v)  
If the Service Provider is covered under the Contract labour (Regulation and 
Abolition) Act, he shall obtain a license from licensing authority (i.e. office of the 
labour commissioner) by payment of necessary prescribed fee and the deposit, if 
any, before starting the Job under the Contract. Such fee/deposit shall be borne by 
the Service Provider.  
 
vi)  
The Service Provider shall employ labour in sufficient numbers either directly or 
through Sub- Service Provider's to maintain the required rate of progress and of 
quality to ensure workmanship of the degree specified in the Contract while also 
ensuring that workman is not stressed due to long hour of working and to the 
satisfaction of the EIC.  
 
vii)  
The Service Provider shall furnish to the EIC the distribution return of the number 
and description, by trades of the service people employed on the services. The 
Service Provider shall also submit on the 4th and 19th of every month to the EIC 
a true statement showing in respect of the second half of the preceding month and 
the first half of the current month (1) the accidents that occurred during the said 
fortnight showing the circumstances under which they happened and the extent of 
damage and injury caused by them and (2) the number of female workers who 
have been allowed Maternity Benefit as provided in the Maternity Benefit Act 
1961 on Rules made thereunder and the amount paid to them. 
 
viii)  
The Service Provider shall comply with the provisions of the payment of Wage 
Act 1936, Employee Provident Fund Act 1952, Minimum Wages Act 1948. 
Employers Liability Act 1938. Servicemen's Compensation Act 1923, Industrial 
Disputes Act 1947, the Maternity Benefit Act 1961 and Contract Labour 
Regulation and Abolition Act 1970, Employment of Children Act 1938 or any 
modifications thereof or any other law relating thereto and rules made thereunder 
from time to time. 
 

General Conditions of Contract - Services 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
38 
 
ix)  
The EIC shall on a report having been made by an Inspecting Officer as defined 
in Contract Labour (Regulation and Abolition) Act 1970 have the power to deduct 
from the money due to the Service Provider any sum required or estimated to be 
required for making good the loss suffered by a worker or workers by reason of 
non- fulfilment of the Conditions of the Contract for the benefit of workers, non-
payment of wages or of deductions made from his or their wages which are not 
justified by the terms of the Contract or non-observance of the said regulations. 
 
x)  
The Service Provider shall indemnify the Employer against any payments to be 
made under and for the observance of the provisions of the aforesaid Acts without 
prejudice to his right to obtain indemnity from his Sub-Service Provider's. In the 
event of the Service Provider committing a default or breach of any of the 
provisions of the aforesaid Acts as amended from time to time, of furnishing any 
information or submitting or filling and Form/ Register/ Slip under the provisions 
of these Acts which is materially incorrect then on the report of the inspecting 
Officers, the Service Provider shall without prejudice to any other liability pay to 
the Employer a sum not exceeding Rs.10000.00 as Liquidated Damages for every 
default, breach or furnishing, making, submitting, filling materially incorrect 
statement as may be fixed by the EIC and in the event of the Service Provider's 
default continuing in this respect, the Liquidated Damages may be enhanced to 
Rs.5000.00 per day for each day of default subject to a maximum of one percent 
of the estimated cost of the Services put to the Contract. The EIC shall deduct 
such amount from bills or Contract Performance Security of the Service Provider 
and credit the same to the Welfare Fund constitute under these acts. The decision 
of the EIC in this respect shall be final and binding. 
 
5.2  
SAFETY REGULATIONS 
 
i) 
In respect of all labour, directly employed in the Service for the performance of 
Service Provider's part of this agreement, the Service Provider shall at his own 
expense arrange for all the safety provisions as per safety codes of C.P.W.D., 
Indian Standards Institution. The Electricity Act, The Mines Act and such other 
acts as applicable. 
 
ii) 
The Service Provider shall observe and abide by all fire and safety regulations of 
the Employer. Before starting service, Service Provider shall consult with 
Employer's safety Engineers or EIC and must make good to the satisfaction of the 
Employer any loss or damage due to fire to any portion of the service done or to 
be done under this agreement or to any of the Employer's existing property. 
 
5.3  
FIRST AID AND INDUSTRIAL INJURIES 
 
i)  
Service Provider shall maintain first aid facilities for its employees and those of 
its Sub-Service Provider. 
 
ii)  
Service Provider shall make outside arrangements for ambulance service and for 
the treatment of industrial injuries. Names of those providing these services shall 

General Conditions of Contract - Services 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
39 
 
be furnished to Employer prior to start and their telephone numbers shall be 
prominently posted in Service Provider's field office. 
 
iii) 
All critical industrial injuries shall be reported promptly to Employer, and a copy 
of Service Provider's report covering each personal injury requiring the attention 
of a physician shall be furnished to the Employer. 
 
5.4  
GENERAL RULES  
 
5.4.1 Smoking within the battery area, tank farm, dock limits or any such area identified by 
EIC or mentioned in SCC or any guideline, is strictly prohibited. Violators of the no 
smoking rules shall be discharged immediately after imposing the applicable penalty(ies). 
Decision of EIC in the matter shall be final and binding on the Service Provider. 
 
5.5  
CARE IN HANDLING INFLAMMABLE GAS 
 
5.5.1 The Service Provider has to ensure all precautionary measures and exercise utmost care 
in handling the inflammable gas cylinder/inflammable liquids/paints etc. as required 
under the law and/or as advised by the fire Authorities of the Employer. 
 
5.6  
PRESERVATION OF PLACE 
 
5.6.1 The Service Provider shall take requisite precautions and use his best endeavors to 
prevent any riotous or unlawful behavior by or amongst his worker / personnel employed 
for the services and for the preservation of peace and protection of the inhabitants and 
security of property in the neighborhood of the Site. In the event of the Employer 
requiring the maintenance of a Special Police Force at or in the vicinity of the site during 
the tenure of services, the expenses thereof shall be borne by the Service Provider and if 
paid by the Employer shall be recoverable from the Service Provider. 
 
5.7  
ENVIRONMENT 
 
5.7.1 Employer acknowledges their commitment to conduct their respective operations in a 
manner which not only complies with all relevant environmental protection and pollution 
control legislation but also such operations do not cause environmental damage or 
pollution and in a manner which acknowledges other cultural and associated 
considerations. In recognition of this commitment, the Service Provider shall perform the 
services in such a way as to avoid or minimize environmental damage or pollution and 
fully recognize the special aspects of the environment as communicated by Employer or 
as applicable. Service Provider shall comply with, and the Service Provider shall ensure 
compliance with all applicable environmental protection and pollution control legislation 
as it relates to the services. 
 
5.7.2 In the furtherance of any laws, regulations and rules promulgated by the Government of 
India, Service Provider shall: 
 
- 
Employ good international oil & gas  industry practices, including as required, 

General Conditions of Contract - Services 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
40 
 
advanced techniques, practices and methods of operation for the prevention of 
environmental damage in conducting the job; 
 
- 
Take necessary and adequate steps to prevent environmental damage and, where 
some adverse impact on the environment is unavoidable, minimize such damage and 
the consequential effects thereof of property and people; and 
 
- 
Adhere to the guidelines, limitations or restrictions, if any, imposed by the 
environmental clearance as applicable. 
 
5.7.3 If during the Service Provider's performance of the services, the Employer is of the 
opinion that the Service Provider is either not conducting the services in strict compliance 
with this Contract or is conducting the services in such a way as to endanger the 
environment or in such a way as to risk being in breach of any environmental protection 
or pollution control legislation, then the Employer shall notify the Service Provider in 
writing of the conduct involved and the Service Provider shall initiate corrective action to 
the reasonable satisfaction of the Employer within twenty four (24) hours of the conduct 
so notified or as decided by EIC. Employer may, require Service Provider to discontinue 
the Service in whole or in part until Service Provider has taken such action. 
 
5.7.4 The Service Provider shall notify the Employer as soon as reasonably practicable of any 
spillage or potential spillage of petroleum or any act of pollution or potentially polluting 
event. For each and any such event the Service Provider shall record the relevant 
information on the incident report form and shall deliver the completed form to the 
Employer forthwith. 
 
5.7.5 After completion of the entire job as per this Contract and prior to Demobilization, 
Service Provider shall at its expense satisfactorily dispose off all rubbish, remove all 
temporary work, equipment and materials belonging to Service Provider and return to 
Employer warehouse all surplus spares and salvageable Employer supplied materials. 
Further, the Service Provider can take away the brought out Service Provider supplied 
surplus Material (i.e. Materials brought by the Service Provider for work/Services at site 
under Contract, not used by them for work/Services and leftover at the Site) subject to 
prior written consent of the EIC. The payment made, if any, towards such surplus 
Material will be recovered from the payment of Service Provider.  
 
Service Provider shall leave the premises in a neat and safe condition. Service Provider 
shall be required to leave all, sites and surrounding area as it existed at the 
commencement of Contract.  
 
5.7.6 Service Provider shall: 
 
Ensure that the pertinent completed environmental impact studies including the Rapid 
Environmental Impact Assessment carried out by Employer are made available to its 
Personnel and to its Sub-Service Providers to develop adequate and proper awareness of 
the measures and methods of environmental protection to be used in carrying out the job;  
 

General Conditions of Contract - Services 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
41 
 
Ensure and maintain at his own cost all lights, guards, fencing, warning signs and 
watching, when and where necessary or required by the EIC, for the protection of the 
Services or for the safety and convenience of the public or others.  
 
Ensure that the Contracts entered into between Service Provider and its Sub Service 
Providers (if allowed) relating to the Services shall include the provisions stipulated 
herein; 
 
- 
be responsible for the removal from the Site or for otherwise making safe in 
accordance with applicable Indian laws and directives any materials generated or 
released by Service Provider during its activities at the Site which are toxic or 
similarly hazardous to the health or safety of persons or to the environment;  
 
- 
be liable for and shall indemnify, protect, defend and hold harmless Employer from 
and against any and all demands, claims, suits and causes of action and any and all 
liability, costs, expenses, settlements and judgments incurred in connection therewith 
(including court costs and attorney‟s fees incurred by Employer) arising out of such 
toxic or hazardous materials for which the Service Provider is responsible pursuant to 
this Clause. 
 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 
 
 
 

General Conditions of Contract - Services 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
42 
 
SECTION – VI 
6.0  
DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND ARBITRATION 
 
 
    
 
 
 
6.1  
DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
1.  
PRE-LITIGATION GRIEVANCE/DISPUTE REDRESSAL MECHANISM: 
i)   
Any issue should be first referred to EIC (for LOA/contracts)/Dealing C&P 
Executive (for Purchase Orders). 
(ii)   In case issue is not resolved by above, Vendor/Supplier/Contractor/Consultant 
may submit their issue to “Samadhan Committee”. The same will be addressed by 
Samadhan Committee within 15days from the date of issue raised. 
(iii)  In case, Vendor/Supplier/ Contractor/Consultant is not satisfied with the decision 
of the Samadhan Committee, there is a provision of escalation of issue to higher 
authority in BCPL. This option is available two times only, one is at Chief General 
Manager (O&M) and the other one is Chief Operating Officer. 
(iv)  
However, in case no mutual settlement is arrived at after exercising all pre-
litigation grievance/dispute redressal mechanism as above, the matter shall be 
settled by arbitration in accordance with the provision of arbitration of the Indian 
Arbitration & Conciliation Act, 1996 and any statutory modification or re-
enactment thereof and the Rules made there under and for the time being in force 
as stated below: 
2. 
ARBITRATION 
All issue(s)/dispute(s) excluding the matters that have been specified as excepted 
matters and listed at clause no. 2.6 and which cannot be resolved through pre-
litigation grievance/dispute redressal mechanism, such issue(s)/dispute(s) shall be 
referred to arbitration for adjudication by Sole Arbitrator. 
The party invoking the Arbitration shall have the option to either opt for Ad-hoc 
Arbitration as provided at Clause 2.1 below or Institutionalized Arbitration as 
provided at Clause 2.2 below, the remaining clauses from 2.3 to 2.7 shall apply to 
both Ad-hoc and Institutional Arbitration:- 
2.1  
On invocation of the Arbitration clause by either party, BCPL shall suggest a 
panel of three independent and distinguished persons (Retd. Supreme Court & 
High Court Judges only) to the other party from the Panel of Arbitrators 
maintained by „Delhi International Arbitration Centre (DIAC) to select any one 

General Conditions of Contract - Services 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
43 
 
among them to act as the Sole Arbitrator. In the event of failure of the other party 
to select the Sole Arbitrator within 30 days from the receipt of the communication 
from BCPL suggesting the panel of arbitrators, the right of selection of the sole 
arbitrator by the other party shall stand forfeited and BCPL shall appoint the Sole 
Arbitrator from the suggested panel of three Arbitrators for adjudication of 
dispute(s). 
The decision of BCPL on the appointment of the sole arbitrator shall be final and 
binding on the other party. The fees payable to Sole Arbitrator shall be governed 
by the fee Schedule of „„Delhi International Arbitration Centre‟. 
OR 
2.2  
If a dispute arises out of or in connection with this contract, the party invoking the 
Arbitration shall submit that dispute to any one of the Arbitral Institutions i.e 
ICADR/ICA/DIAC/SFCA and that dispute shall be adjudicated in accordance with 
their respective Arbitration Rules. The matter shall be adjudicated by a Sole 
Arbitrator who shall necessarily be a Retd. Supreme Court/High Court Judge to be 
appointed/nominated by the respective institution. The cost/expenses pertaining to 
the said Arbitration shall also be governed in accordance with the Rules of the 
respective Arbitral Institution. The decision of the party invoking the Arbitration 
for reference of dispute to a specific Arbitral institution for adjudication of that 
dispute shall be final and binding on both the parties and shall not be subject to 
any change thereafter. The institution once selected at the time of invocation of 
dispute shall remain unchanged. 
2.3  
The cost of arbitration proceedings shall be shared equally by the parties. 
2.4  
The Arbitration proceedings shall be in English language and the seat, venue and 
place of Arbitration shall be New Delhi, India only. 
2.5  
Subject to the above, the provisions of Arbitration & Conciliation Act 1996 and 
any amendment thereof shall be applicable. All matter relating to this Contract and 
arising out of invocation of Arbitration clause are subject to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the Court(s) situated at New Delhi. 
2.6  
List of Excepted matters: 
a)  Dispute(s)/issue(s) involving claims below Rs.25 lakhs and above Rs.25 
crores. 

General Conditions of Contract - Services 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
44 
 
b)  Dispute(s)/issue(s) relating to indulgence of Contractor/Vendor/Bidder in 
corrupt/fraudulent/ collusive/coercive practices and/or the same is under 
investigation by CBI or Vigilance or any other investigating agency or 
Government. 
c)  Dispute(s)/issue(s) wherein the decision of Engineer-In-Charge/owner/BCPL 
has been made final and binding in terms of the Contract. 
2.7.  Disputes involving claims below Rs 25 Lakhs and above Rs. 25 crores:- Parties 
mutually agree that dispute(s)/issue(s) involving claims below Rs 25 Lakhs and 
above Rs 25 crores shall not be subject matter of Arbitration and are subject to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of the Court(s) situated at Dibrugarh. 
3. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION:  
The Contract shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws in 
force in India. The Parties hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
Competent Courts of Dibrugarh having territorial & pecuniary jurisdiction for 
adjudication of disputes, injunctive reliefs, actions and proceedings, if any, arising 
out of this Contract other than those covered under the arbitration clause as stated 
herein above. 
4. 
DISPUTES BETWEEN CPSE’S/ GOVERNMENT DEPARTMENT’S/ 
ORGANIZATIONS: 
Subject to pre litigation grievance/dispute redressal mechanism as provided above, 
in the event of any dispute or difference relating to the interpretation and 
application of the provisions of commercial contract(s) between Central Public 
Sector Enterprises (CPSEs/ Port Trusts inter se and also between CPSEs and 
Government Departments /Organizations (excluding disputes concerning 
Railways, Income Tax, Customs & Excise Departments), such dispute or 
difference shall be taken up by either party for resolution through AMRCD as 
mentioned in OPE OM No. 4(1)/2013-DPE(GM)/FTS-1835 dated 22-05-2018. 
Any party aggrieved with the decision of the Committee at the First level (tier) 
may prefer an appeal before the Cabinet Secretary at the Second level (tier) within 
15 days from the date of receipt of decision of the Committee at First level, 
through it's administrative Ministry/Department, whose decision will be final and 
binding on all concerned. 

General Conditions of Contract - Services 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
45 
 
The above provisions shall supersede provisions relating to Conciliation, 
Arbitration, Governing Law & Jurisdiction and Disputes between CPSE‟s/ 
Government Department‟s/ Organizations mentioned in General Conditions of 
Contract (GCC) and elsewhere in tender document. 
 
 
 

