Commercial Property Rental Agreement
THIS INDENTURE of lease is made at [City] this [Day, Month] of [Year], between
[Lessor Name], Son of [Lessor’s Father Name] resident of [Address Line 1, Address
Line 2, City, State, Pin Code],  (hereinafter called “the Lessor”, which expression shall,
unless repugnant to the context and meaning include his heirs, successors,
administrators and assigns) of the ONE PART and [Lessee Name], Son of [Lessee’s
Father Name] resident of [Address Line 1, Address Line 2, City, State, Pin Code],
(hereinafter called “the Lessee”, which expression shall, unless repugnant to the
context and meaning, include its successors and assigns) of the OTHER PART.
WHEREAS the lessor is absolutely seized and possessed or otherwise well and
sufficiently entitled to the premises at [Lease Property Address, Address Line 1,
Address Line 2, City, State, Pin Code] with a total area of [Lease Property Area] square
feet.
AND WHEREAS on the request of the Lessee, the Lessor has agreed to grant lease in
respect of the demised premises for a term of [Lease Term in Months or Years] in the
manner hereinafter appearing.
NOW THIS DEED WITNESSETH AS FOLLOWS:
1. In pursuance of the said agreement and in consideration of the rent hereby
reserved and of the covenants, conditions and stipulations hereinafter contained
and on the Lessee’s part to be paid, observed and performed, THE LESSOR
HEREBY DEMISES UNTO THE LESSEE ALL THAT the building situated at [Lease
Property Address, Address Line 1, Address Line 2, City, State, Pin Code] and
hereinafter called as the demised premises, TOGETHER WITH ALL the fixtures
and fitting therein, TOGETHER WITH the electrical installations and together with
the right for the Leesse, its employees, servants, agents, customers and persons
authorized by the lessor to use the entrances, doorways, entrance hall, staircases,
landings and passages in the demised premises for the purpose of ingress thereto,
TO HOLD the demised premises unto the Lessee for the period of [Lease Term in
Months or Years] only commencing from the [Lease Deed Start Date] and
determined on [Lease Deed Signing Date] but determinable earlier as hereinafter
provided PAYING therefor unto the Lessor during the said term monthly rent of
Rs. [Lease Amount per Month] payable by the [Date of Monthly Payment] of each
succeeding calendar month to which it relates.
2. The lessee hereby covenants with the lessor as follows:
a. To pay the rent as aforesaid on the days and in the manner aforesaid.
b. To pay the electricity bills for the electricity consumed for lighting the
demised premises and for operation of air conditioners, fans, computers
and electrical appliances in the demised premises.
c. Not to make any structural alterations into or upon the demised premises
or make any alterations or additions to the external appearance or any part
of the demised premises without the previous consent of the Lessor in
writing.
d. To use the demised premises for office purposes of the Lessee.
e. Not to do or suffer to be done in or upon the demised premises or other
parts of the said building in common with other persons anything
whatsoever, which may be or become a nuisance or annoyance to or in any
way interfere with the quite or comfort of the Lessor or other Lessees and
occupiers of the said building.
f. Not to place or keep or permit to be placed or kept on the demised
premises any offensive, dangerous or highly inflammable or explosive
material or any other article or things, which may constitute a danger,
nuisance or annoyance to the demised or surrounding premises or the
owners or occupiers thereof.
g. Not to sub-let, transfer, assign or part with the possession of the demised
premises or any part thereof.
h. To permit the Lessor, his servants, employees or agents duly authorized by
him to enter into and upon the demised premises at all reasonable  times
for viewing the condition of the demised premises or doing such works or
things as may be requisite or necessary for any repairs, alterations,
servicing or improvements to the demised premises.
i. To hand over the peaceful possession of the demised premises at the end
or the sooner determination of the said term together with all the Lessors
fixtures and fittings in as good condition as received, fair wear and tear,
damage by fire, acts of God, riots or other civil unrest, war, enemy action
and/or other cause not within the control of the Lessee, being excepted.
j. Not to obstruct or suffer to be obstructed the entrance hall, entrances,
doorways, passages, staircase or lifts.
k. To replace all broken fittings and fixtures by equally good or better
substitutes.
l. To insure and keep the demised premises insured against loss or damages
by fire with an insurance company approved in writing by the Lessor for
an amount which shall not be less than
3. To Lessor doth hereby covenant with the Lessee as follows:
a. That on the Lessee paying the rent on the due dates thereof and in the
manner herein provided and observing and performing the convents,
conditions and stipulations herein contained and on his part to be
observed and performed, shall peaceably and quietly hold, possess and
enjoy the demised premises during the term without any interruption,
disturbance, claim and demand by the Lessor or any person lawfully
claiming under or trust for the Lessor.
b. To keep the interior, exterior of the demised premises, the drainage
thereof in good and tenable repair and condition.
c. To keep the entrance, doorways, entrance halls, staircases, lobbies and
passages in the said building leading to demised premises well and
sufficiently cleaned and lighted at his own expense.
d. To pay rates, taxes, assessment, duties, cess, impositions, outgoings and
burdens whatsoever payable to State or local or other authority, which
may at any time or from time to time during the term hereby created be
imposed or charged upon the demised premises.
4. It is hereby agreed and declared that these presents are on the express condition,
that if the rent or any part thereof payable in respect of the demised premises shall
be in arrears for a period of [two months] or by if the Lessee shall omit to perform
or observe any covenants or conditions on the Lessee’s part herein contained, the
Lessor may re-enter upon the demised premises provided that the Lessor has
served a notice to the Lessee and a period of [one month] has elapsed after the
issue of such notice, the Lessee does not pay the rent or does not perform or
observe the covenant or condition and thereupon this demise and all rights of the
Lessee hereunder shall determined.
5. This Lease Deed shall be executed in duplicate. The original shall be retained by
the Lessor and the duplicate by the Lessee.
6. The marginal notes and the catch lines hereto are meant only for convenience of
references and shall not in any way be taken into account in the interpretation of
there presents.
IT IS HEREBY EXPRESSLY AGREED BETWEEN THE PARTIES AS FOLLOWS:
a. The lessee shall be entitled to erect fittings, fixtures, wooden partitions,
cabins or make any such additions or alterations, as may be necessary for
its use by the Lessee; provided that the lessee shall remove the said fittings,
fixtures, wooden partitions, cabins, additions or alterations and restore the
demised premises to the Lessor on the expiry of the term of sooner
determination of the lease in the same condition as existed before making
such changes.
b. If the lessor fails to pay the taxes, charges, assessments payable by him, or
fails to carry out the necessary repairs and other work which he has to
carry out as provided herein, the Lessee may after [one month] notice in
writing, pay, discharge and carry out the same at its own cost and the
Lessee may set off the same from the rent payable to the Lessor under
these presents.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Lessor has set its hands unto these presents and a
duplicate hereof and the Lessee has caused its common seal to be affixed hereunder
and a duplicate hereof on the day, month and year first hereinabove written.
For Lessor,
For Lessee,
[Name]
[Name]
[Address Line 1]
[Address Line 1]
[Address Line 2]
[Address Line 2]
[City, State, Pin Code]
[City, State, Pin Code]
Witness 1:
Witness 2:
[Name]
[Name]
[Address]
[Address]