SNP
Onoprl__Ber 803 u/ti—ee_
Raine
INDIA NON JUDICIAL > ae
Government of Karnataka %
Centiate issued Date
|| Account Roteence
Usigue Doc. Reference
Puchased by
ONTO,
Frist Party :
TONAL AIR FORT LTD
‘Second Party
‘Stamp Duty Paid By
‘Stamp Duty Amoun(Fs)
LAND LEASE DEED
(POR THE ADDITIONAL LAND GRANTED ON LEASE PURSUANT TO THE LAND
LEASE DEED DATED APRIL 30,2005)
- a2 ly ore
mmm v ae are
Prot Date & Time : 16-03-2012 06:17:49 PAA dp Sous 2 te at
teens tox 804
%F 099 ese ce htrbabp Bsaok 16.03.2012 doch 021.01 PM Hout d bt eda
ys cece 2 Seteotst
aaa = com
Bare Tem
7] eben, Twa
7 jaae, eo
a [aaa Ex)
3 [meager see
CT i)
Be Songdiote Internationa) Aiport Lite Rep by DrecterFnonce Bhaskar Bodopot aor matt
Satay
we ae] =
as
2s borgir ntomatona Ag
Unseatep by Orector ore’ Hone |
oe Boosoet
= Ltt Signy
[Borgatore encional Arman]
United Bop by Director
Feonce Shas Hodapot
(ecetectsay
Sez, sot mol dew 86() eed amperten Aanctxchebs Karnataka Store ‘not COatocAR Owes
Dewelgoment Corporation Ltd, Rep by Authorised Repretentative D.RoMeesGoe!. aks cg,
sdhbeypbocsy mob varbaet i Wy
Bron wosatocNDwEE
tage ty
This Land Lease Deed Cease Dees MSRM BEE op
——Desembex___., 2011 by and between:
1. KARNATAKA STATE INDUSTRIAL AND INFRASTRUCTURE
DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION LIMITED (formerly known as Kamataka State
Industial Investment and Development Corporation Limited), a company incorporated
under the Companies Act, 1956, having its registered office at Khanija Bhavan, East Wing,
Fourth Floor, #49, Race Course Road, Bangalore - 560 001, India (hereinafter referred to a8
“KSIIDC” which expression shall include its successors-in-interest and permitted assigns);
and .
2. BANGALORE INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT LIMITED, 2 company incorporated
under the Companies Act, 1956, having its registered office at Administration Block,
Bengaluru Internatidhgl Airport, Devanahalli, Bangalore ~ 560 300 (hereinafter referred to 28
"BIAL which expression shall include its successors in-interest and permitted asigns).
WHEREAS
‘A. Subsequent to the execution of the State Support Agreement, KSIIDC and BIAL had
entered into a Land Lease Deed executed on Apail 30, 2005 (“Deed”) pursuant to the terms
‘of which KSIIDC had, infer ala, granted on lease / sub — lease to BIAL. and BIAL bad
accepted the lease / sub-lease ofthe Site (as defined therein) subject tothe terms, conditions
‘and provisions set forth i the Deed.
B. _KSIIDC has, pursuant t0 the requirements of Clause 2.3 of the Deed, acquired certain
Additional Land described in Schedule A and has agreed to grant on lease to BIAL, and
BIAL has agreed to accept the lease of the Additional Land, on and subject to the terms,
‘conditions and provisions set forth hereinafter.
C. The physical possession of the Additional Land of 124 Acres 06 Guntas as detailed in
Schedule A has been handed over to BIAL and BIAL has been utilizing the said land.
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants, promises,
assurances, representations and provisions st forth herein, the Parties hereto agree as follows:
1. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION.
11 Definitions.
In this Lease Deed (including the recitals hereof and the Schedules heretc), the following words and
expressions shall have, where the context so permits, the meaning assigned to them respectively
below:
“Activities” means the activities se out at Schedule By
“Additional Land” shall have the meaning assigned to it in Clause 2.15
Page #2
Dee pawn ic2 lo
On Sete ay
retarted
= 208 9 S08 = ]
kon |
Tanto Oana
1 | bongs intemationc! Arnon td, Admiattion Bock. Banglore Chanda,
seo |
Tria Tegae |
tededs eoaidat
1 Be ks eg
oud DNH-1-080342011-12 em /
so)
doh evzihatormgno
Secaeg
“Additional Land Cost” shall have the meaning assigned to tin Schedule C attached hereto,
“Aigpor” means the greenfield intemational aiport comprising ofthe Initial Phase constructed and
‘operated by BIAL at Devanahalli, near Bangalore in the State of Karnataka and includes all its
builngs, equipment, faces and systems and inclading, where the circumstances so roqite, any
Expansion thereof,
“Airport Opening Date” means the date on which commencement of the commercial operation of
the Initial Phase occurred i. 24” May, 2008;
"Board" means the Board of Directors of BIAL;
“CA Excluded Area” means that portion of the Additional Land containing those Noa-Aisport
Actvides not being taken over by Gol pursuant to Articles 72 of 1352 of the Concession
Agreemes
“CNS/ATM Agreement” means the agreement catered into on Apail 06, 2005 berween BIAL and
the AAT in respect of the provision by the AAT to BIAL of communication, savigstion and
surveillance ai raffle management services;
“Consequential Loss” means in relation to a breach of this Lease Deed aay indirect or
consequential loss Gncluding lots of production, loss of profit lot of revenue, los of contract, loss
of goodwill, ability under other agreements other than Environmental Liabilsy oF Ubi to tied
parties other than Environmental Liability) resulting from such breach and whether or not the pay
commiting the breach knew, or ought to have know, that such indirect oe consequential loss would
be likely to be suered asa result of such breach and includes the payment or repayment of any
amounts (oF any acceleration thereof) to lenders or creditors of any party from time to time but
excludes death or personal inury resulting from the negligence of the Pary liable, its officers,
employees oragenss
“Debr" means the oustanding debt due to the Lenders of BIAL under the Financing Agreement
“Encumbrance™ means any encumbrance such as an easement, sight of way, license, morgage,
charge, lien, hypothecation, preemptive right or security interest whether or not registered and
hhownoever arsing, including by statute or common laws
“Environment” means all or any ofthe following media, namely the aie including the ait within
buildings and within any other manmade or natural structure above of below ground), water
(ecuding water under or within land or in pipes ot sewerage systems), soil and land and any cco-
‘stem and living organism suppored by those media, and in the case of humans inchades their
Proper:
“Bnvironmencal Law” means all laws, iachuding without limitation spranationa, national, federal,
provincial and local stautes, regulations, rules, orders, notices, directives, darances, approvals,
permits, including any conditions atached to the foregoing, and, in so far a they have the force of
Page 3
cd
aE OE on
Napa
AEN] NEB
!
cap
ce
tow ho dt hemo gm ce ono cep
ton mpm ae Emtomen indy vw tine nn Hana
imposed or incurred under: { Fe
(@ Bovironmental Laws or ‘<
pa Lapmgrtarmlersheboin- deny ninmaeacnes emmy ior ALY
‘Materials, heath and safety, noise, vibeation, nuisance, rdiation and town and country planningss | =
Hl
“Expansion” means the expansion of the facilities at the Aisport from time to dime as per the
Master Plan;
“Financial Close” means the date upon which the Financing Agreements (insofar a8 they relate to
the development and construction ofthe Initial Phate) have been executed and delivered by al the
parties thereto and conditions precedent thercunder shall ave been fulfilled to such extent as may
bbe necessary o permit BIAL to have immediate access, subject only t giving the notices of deaw
down requited thereby, to funding required by BIAL;
“Financing Agreements” means any of (i) BIAL's agreements with Lenders for making availble ro
BIAL of Debs and j) the security documents, direct agreements and other ancillary undertakings in
favour of Lenders requced pursuant to the agreements refered t i () above. The term Financing
Agreements shall not include the State Support Agreement, or any other agreement by ot wader
which GoK agrees o advance the financial support © BIALs,
“Hazardous Materials” means any natural or asfcial substance, whether in a solid, semi-solid,
liga, gaseous oF vaporous form, which alone or in combination with other substances is capable of
causing harm t health o safety the Environment or 2 nuisance to any person inclding without
limitation waste,
“Initial Phase” shall have the same meaning a in the State Support Agreement,
“Lease” refer tothe lease / sub lease granted under Clause 2.1;
“Lesise Rene” shall have the meaning assigned tit ia Clause $15
“Lenders” means the banks, Goancial institutions, NBFC and similar bodies to whom debe is owed
under the Financing Agreements for financing (which shall for these pusposcs inchide any
refinancing) the Initial Phase and any Expansion;
Page 4
“Master Plan’ shall have the meaning given tit in the State Support Agreement
“Outgoings” shall mean all propery taxes, land revenues, levies, cesses and other payments /ducs in
respect ofthe Additional Land
“Party” shall mean either KSIDC of BIAL, and “Parties” shall mean KSHDC and BAL:
vate Promoters” means Siemens Project Ventuees Gmabli, Flaghafen Ziexich AG and Lassen
& Toubeo Limited, and such other party as may from time to time be agreed pursuant (0 the
‘Shareholders Agecement
“Project” means the design, financing, construction
‘operation, management and development ofthe Airports
completion, commissioning, maintenance,
“Purposes” shall have the meaning assigned in Cause 4;
“SSA Excluded Area” means that portion of the Additional Land containing those Non- Aiport,
Activites not being taken over by GoK pursuant to Clauses 43. of 19:42 of the State Support
Agreement;
“Service Provider Right” means any privilege, right, fanchis, lease or other right or sub-sght
‘granted by BIAL. or by any Service Provider Right Holder pursuant tothe Concession Agreement,
“Service Provider Right Holdee” means say Person holding from time to time any Service
Provide Right;
“Shareholders? Agreement” means the shareholders’ agreement dated January 23, 2002 between
the Pivate Promoters, AAT, KSHDC and BIAL: and
“Term” shall have the meaning assigned to iia Cause 3.
12 Definitions in Concession Agreement and the Deed.
‘Words and expressions used in this Lease Deed (in capitalised letters ofthe frst letter in
‘capita ete) and not defined herein, but defined in the Concession Agreemeat or the Deed
shall have, where the context so permits, the meanings assigned to them
Agreement or the Deed.
the Concession
13 Interpretations.
In this Lease Deed, except to the exten that the context requies otherwise:
(@) Any reference to an Act or any Section of, of Schedule to, or other provision of, an Act
shall be construc, at the particular time, a including a reference to any modification,
‘extension or re-enactment thereof then in force and to all instruments, orders of
Page #5
e
ae 8 onap
awe peor PARR
regulations then in force and made under or deriving validity from the relevant Act a
provision:
(&) A reference to “aw” inclades common law, the Consinution of India ad any, decree,
indgment, legion, izecton, ode, ordnance, regulon, by-law state, nodexton,
Sul, guideline, rule, stansory instrument or other lysate measuc, wih which
BBIAL is roguied to comply by law (and “awful” and “unwfl” shall be conseved
sxcordingly
(©) References i the singular shall include references in the plural and vice versa;
@) A reference to a “day” means a calendar day and a reference toa “eae” means a calendar
(© References to a particular Clause, paragraph, sub-paragraph or Schedule shall, except
‘where the contest otherwise requires, be a reference to that Clause, paragraph, sub-
paragraph or Schedule in orto this Lease Deeds,
(The headings are inserted for convenience and are to be ignored for the purposes of
(@ Terms defined in the Schedules hereto shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the
Schedules wien used elsewhere in tis Lease Deed
(h) The Schedules to this Leate Deed form part of ths Leave Deed and willbe of fll force
snd effet as though they were expressly set out in the body of this Lease Deed
Any reference to any agreement, deed, instrument, licence, code or other document of
any description shall be construed, at the particular time, as 2 reference t0 that
sgreement, deed instrument, cence, code or other document s the same may then have
been amended, varied, supplemented, modified, suspended or novated:
The words “written” and “in writing” includes a Facsimile transmission and any means of
-eproducing works in a tangible and permanently vsble form;
(%) The words “include” and “including” are to be construed without limitation;
In case of any ambiguity oF discrepancy between the Clauses and the Schedules, dhe
(Ghauses shall eva and
(im) Any reference t0 a person of entity shall inchide such person's and such entiy’s
‘successors and pemmited assigns, and shall include all natural persons, corporations,
‘companies, ented Kbilty companies partnerships and other legal ents.
Page 6
$
j
*
or
v
a
33
a4
P. 82 hin
GRANT OF LEASE AND POSSESSION=—e= i &g', Veda
Subject to the provisions of his ease = SE ABs
BAL nce te ese fom KSIIDG, fee fom Encumbrances and oe neon
{lari td pu of nd meng One Hundt Tenty For (199 Ard
Six (6) Guntas and sited south of Devanabal and more parclly decribed and
iene Gluing the urvey/ Huta number thereof in Schedule A hereto (Additional
Land’ together wit alan snglar sighs, ies, pigs, esements, bene hte
of way, paths, pastages whatioeer in or appinenat 10 the Additonal Land or ay part
thereof, and to hold posses, ws and enjoy the Addon Land and/or any par therein
accordance withthe proviions ofthis Lente Dead
BIAL confirms that it has been put in physical vacant possession of the Addltional Land as
follows
‘One Hundred Twenty One (121) Actes and Thity Eight (38) Guntas on 4* September,
2006,
- Fifteen (18) Guntas on 27* February, 2007; and
= One (1) Aere and Thirty Tare (33) Guntas on 21" November, 207.
‘TERM & TERMINATION,
Unless this Lease Deed is terminated prematurely in accondance with the provisions hereof,
this Lease Deed shall have a term, which will run concurrent with the term of the
Concession Agreement (the “Term”)- Accordingly, upon the fll tem expiration of the
Concession Agreement (including any renewed term there under), this Lease Deed shall
terminate automatically
“This Lease Deed may be terminated eatlir by mutual agrement between the Pati in
writing.
“This Lease Deed may be terminated forthwith by KSIIDC in the event BIAL receives
{insurance monis in accondance with Clause 8.6 ofthe State Support Agreement, subject ‘0
‘the rights of the Lenders and GoK as coinsured, but chooses not to apply such proceeds
‘cowards the epaiing ebullding or reconstruction ofthe Agport.
In the event thatthe Aiport is wansferred 10 GoK in accordance with the provisions of
Cause 19.4 of the State Support Agreement then upon such transfer, BIAL shall be deemed
to have surrendered the Additional Land (wth the exception of the SSA Exclded Area) and
this Lease Deed shall terminate with respect to the sucrendered part and KSIIDC shall be at
fall iberty to deal therewith in the manner it chooses. With regard to the SSA Excluded
‘Area, KSIIDC and BIAL wil meet to stile the commercial tems fr the continuance of the
Lease in respect of the SSA Excluded Ares and KSIIDC shall ensure that BIAL has the
rights of access necessary for access to the SSA Excluded Area. While setting the
‘commercial terms s0 as 10 enable the continuance of the Lease in respect of the SSA
Excluded Are, the Parties shall beat in mind the then prevailing policies/guidelines of Gok
Page #7
3s
36
that are applicable for simile activites as ate being undertaken on the SSA Excluded Area
Upon te determination of te commercial te IAL hl pay © KSIIDC any Lease Rent
arrears for the SSA Excluded Area, calulated from the date of surrender of the ‘cata $
‘Land. Uni the determination of the commercial terms, BIAL shall pay the Lease Rent for
the SSA Excluded Area in acordance with the policies/ guidelines of GoK prevailing a that
point of time with respect to that particular activity, and such payment of Lease Rent shall be
arate not less than that mandated by the poliy/guideline of GoK prevailing at that point
of time with respect to that parculaeaetvity. If the Parties do not seach an agreement on
the commercial tems within a period of one (1) year of the surtender of the Additional
Land, then the matter shall be refered for determination of an Independent Expert muually
agreed berween the Paris. The determination of the Independent Expert shall be final and
binding on the Pasties.
In the event that the Aisport is wansferred to Gol in accordance with the provisions of
Amie 135 ofthe Concession Agreement, then upon sch transfer, BIAL. shall be dlemedd
to have surrendered the Additonal Land (with the exception of the CA Excluded Area)
and this Lease Deed shall terinate with respect to the surrendered part and KSIIDC shall
‘be at liberty to del therewith inthe manner it chooses. With regard tothe CA Excluded
‘Area, KSIIDC and BIAL will meet to sete the commercial terms forthe continuance ofthe
Lease in respect ofthe CA Excluded Area and KSIIDC shall ensute that BIALL has the sights
of access necessary for access 10 the CA Excluded Area. While setting the commercial terms
10 a to enable the continuance of the Lease in respect of the CA Excluded Area, the Parties
shall bear in mind the then prevailing poicies/guideines of GoK that are applicable for
similar activities as are being undertaken on the CA Excluded Area. Upon the determination
of the commercial tems, BIAL shall pay to KSIIDC any Lease Rent arreaes for the CA
Excloded Arc, calculated from the date of surrender of the Additional Land. Until the
‘determination of the commercial terms, BIAL shall pay the Leate Rent forthe CA Excluded
Area in accordance with the policies guidelines of GoK peevling at that point of time with
espect to that particular activity and such payment of Leate Rent shall be ata rate not less
‘han chat mandated by the policy/guidline of Gok prevailing at that point of time with
respect to that particular activi. If the Panes do not reach an agreement on the
‘commercial tems within a period of one (1) year ofthe surrender of the Additional Land,
then the matter shall be referred for determination of an Independent Expert mutually
agreed between the Parties. The determination ofthe Independent Expert shall be final and
binding on the Paris.
Notwithstanding whats contained herein, in the event any portion of the Additional Lad is
required to be surrendered by BIAL to KSIIDC under Chuse 15 of the State Support
‘Agreement, BIAL shall forthwith surrender the same to KSIIDC, without Encumbrances,
‘ad this Lease Deed shall terminate with respect to the surcendered part of the Additional
Land and KSTIDC shall beat fll liberty to deal therewith in the manne it chooses. With
respect to the remaining pordon ofthe Additional Land in BLAL's possesion:
(@ from the date of such surrender, BIAL shal pay the Leave Rent only for that portion
of the Additonal Land that coatiaues to remain in its possession, on a pro-rated
basis; and
Page # 8
eqrearaeze
37
“4
43
sa
(2) KSIIDC shal ensue hat BIAL ha the ight of accn ocean fac accvs 10 wh
portion: and Poth aa
a
(© this Lease Deed shall continue on the same terms and conditigns.
lame
‘rn Ses. te a
In the event of termination ofthis Lease Deed pursuant to the provisions of Clause 3.1, 32
(of 33, BIAL shall hind over possession of the Additional Land to KSIIDC, without any
Encumbrances immediatly upon such termination.
USE OF THE ADDITIONAL LAND.
KSIIDC hereby grants pemission and consent, to BIAL to use the Additional Land, and
BIAL agrees to wse the Additonal Land in accordance withthe Master Plan, forthe earying.
‘ut ofthe Activites and the following:
(@) Implementing the Project;
©) Developing, constrocting, building, owning, operating, and maintaining. the
Airport;
(© Designing, building, owning, operating and maintaining the wilt, services and
facies equired for operating and maintaining the Aiport,
(@ Designing, building, owning, operating, mainuining and using office,
‘management, administration falities indoding all infeastracture required for
such falities and canteen facies;
(© Implementation of plans for expansion, modemisation or renovation of the
Aiport of ules and services facilites:
(© Extraction of ground water and harvesting of rainwater for BIAL's requicments
@ Developing a greenbelt on the Additional Land as speciied a the Master Plan:
() Developing and landscaping the Additional Land:
(he "Purposes”).
IAL may, with the approval of KSHIDC (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld),
Jn addition tothe above Purposes, ute the Adaiional Land for anyother purposes, which
in its opinion is @) conducive or incidental to implementation of the Projet; and/or (i)
conducive or incidental to operation and management of the Aiport and/or (i) enhances
the passenger/eargo trafic at the Aisport; and/or GW) improves the commercial viability oF
the Project, and / or (x) facilitates substantive further investment in or around the Airport,
IAL may grant subleases or licences to Service Provider Right Holders for carrying out the
Activites and shall furnish KSIIDC wit a list of such Service Provider Rights Holders every
year
LEASE RENT.
In consideration of KSIIDC leasing the Additional Land to BIAL and granting the rights,
privileges and benefits set fort in this Lease Deed, BIALL shall pay, subject ro Clause 5.3, t0
KSIIDC lease rent as described in Schedule C atched hereto (“Leate Rent’)
Page #9
34
33
oa
63
oa
else ee Sapo More
The Lene Ret lb pele in aban RMON ar FM AM &
“within sixty (60) days of the beginning of each year, with the Lease Rent being pro-rated for
putot ayer.
‘The Lease Rent salle pi fier deducting throm oly incomes decile toc,
if appeal andthe ne amount sal be pa 19 KSMIDC.
BIAL shall pay the Lease Rent into such account a¢ designated by KSIIDC from time t0
If BIAL fal to pay the Lease Rent as aforesaid, BLAL shall be liable to pay interest thescon
atthe rte of two (2) percentage points above the State Bank of India Prime Lending Rate
fom the date on which such Lease Rent becomes due and payable. Non-payment of the
Lease Rent for two @) consceutve years shall be deemed to be a material breach of this
Lease Deed for the purposes of Clause 81.
KSIIDC’S OBLIGATIONS AND COVENANTS.
Possession, use and enjoyment,
KSIIDC agrees, undertakes and warrants that subject to the terms hereof, BIAL shall be
‘entitled, fo possess, hold, use and enjoy the Additional Land and every part thereof dusing
the Term of the Lease, without any interuptions by KSMDC. KSHIDC shall have no
‘obligation to provide BIAL any land in addition to the Ste and the Additonal Land.
Development and Use.
KSHDC agrees and covenants with BIAL that BIAL shall have the right and shall be ened
to develop and use the Additional Land for the Pusposes in the manner as BIAL considers
appropriate, subject to compliance with the Master Plan and obtaining the necessary
sequltory approvals
Ourgoings
KSHDC shall pay and discharge all Outgoings relating to the period up to and including the
respective dates mentioned in Clause 22 hereo.
Consents,
‘Should BIAL require any consents or o- objections of KSIIDC in obtaining power, water,
telephone and communication and such other fates that BIAL may require, to use and
enjoy the Additional Land effecvey for the Purposes, KSIIDC shall provide the same
within reasonable time
Page # 10
6s
66
™
2 se Pr 9024 Inet
ttm Beas eat
KSIIDC agrees and covensats with BIAL that KSIIDC shall not create any Encumbrances
0 the Additional Land or otherwise part with or alienate any oF ts ght, se or intrest in
ot to the Additional Land except as provided in Clause 66 hereof.
Encumbrances.
Sil, teansfer or dsporal ofthe Additional Land
@) KSIDC may sel, uranster oF otherwise dispose of the Aldona Land to the
Government of Kamataka or any other entity owed or controlled by the Government
of Karnataka.
(©) KSIIDC's rights, tite and interest inthe Aditional Land may be transferred to any entity
in which KSIIDC may merge or amalgamate of anyother entity, which is a successor or
sssignee of KSIIDC as direct result of restricting ora transmission under aw
(© KSIIDE may, with the prior written consent of BIAL, which consent shall nor be
unreasonably withneld, and t0 the extent that Debt remains outstanding under the
Financing Agreements with the prior writen consent of the Lenders, tansfer its eight,
tile and interest, a the Additional Land to a third pars Provided always that no such
consent shall be roquized if the sale, transferor other disposal is in accondance with
Clause 66 (4) oF (b) and BLAL, shall not be lable vo pay any stamp duty or registration
carpesin respect of sucha sale, transfer or disposal
(@) Any sale, transfer of other disporal of the Additional Land or any part thereof as
provided in this Cause 66 shall akeays be subject tothe leaschold rights of BIAL. set out
fn this Lease Deed and KSHDC shall ensure that simultaneously with the
‘other disposal of the Additional Land or any part therof, the transfer thereof shall
acknowledge the leasehold sights of BIAL therein and shall execute an agreement on
Sensial terms and conditions to thi Leate Deed,
teansfer oF
BIAL’S OBLIGATIONS AND COVENANTS.
Use of the Additonal Land.
BIAL shall use the Additional Land forthe Purposes in accordance with the Master Plan and
shall ensure that any Service Provider Right Holder uses the Additional Land only for the
Activites and in accondance with the Master Plan
Lente Rent.
BBIAL shall epulaly pay the Lease Rent reserved hercia and shall observe and fail each of
its obligations and covenants set forth erin.
3
4
16
2b Miser
Thiel Party Inde Lane axel” 4
oe pe
BIAL shall indemnify KSUDC in SMR" apatites eps and oder
svoais levied by isd panies for and in mation to peovson by sch tid pars to
BIAL of water, cect and elephooe and communion fle.
Maincenance
BIAL shall () keep and maintain the Additional Land and the buildings and structures
thercon in good and habitable condition at all imes and (ji) shall ensure thatthe Additional
Land will be fice from encroschments at all times and to the extent that there occu any
‘encroachments on the Adtional Land, shall use is reasonable endeavors to remove such
‘encroachments from the Additonal Land, a soon as practicable.
Regulatory Approvals,
(@) IAL shall undertake any construction of buiklings and / oF structures atthe Additional
Land only after obtaining all reglatory approvals and permissions necessary therefor.
‘IAL will comply withthe eoaditions of such regulatory approvals and permissions.
(©) Should any Service Provider Right Holder desice to put up any buildings / strectues on
the Additional Land, BLAL will inthe coateactal arrangements with the Service Provider
Right Holdee () ensure that such Service Provider Right Holder will commit to obsain
sod comply with the regulatory approvals and permissions necessary for construction of
boulldngs and strututes required by them; and (@) inch the right to terminate thove
arrangements in the case of continued breach of such regulatory approvals and/or
permissions. Should such Service Provider Right Holler be in breach of any such
regulatory approvals and/or permissions, to the extent that BIAL is aware of such
‘breach, it shall use is reasonable endeavors to ensure compliance with such regulatory
approvals / permissions.
Inspection by KSHIDC & Ste (ncuding the Additional Land) Audi
(@)BIAL hereby authorises KSIIDC and its authorised agents the right to cater upon and
inspect the Ste (cluding the Additional Land) a ll reazonable houts on any working
Aas afer providing fos eight (48) hours nose in wring to BLAL. AC the end of every
eae, BIAL acting through a commit established for such purpose by the Board shall,
cont, conduct an audit ofthe Ste Gnchaing the Adonal Land) and submit to
KSIIDC a ceport prepared by such comaitee furnishing details on the use and
occupancy ofthe Ste eluding the Additional Land
(©) BIAL shall notify KSHIDC of any mateal beach by BIAL of any regulatory pprovals
required in rdation to the Additional Lan.
Paget 12
7
1!
79
710
81
2
Sennp Duy 8 Regioeaion Charge, St ogre Lope %
sere th nis / wives gal a aca
ommnn Gni an al Name oan aD aoe cap
Sm nd mpeaion hp pin ope of te Lae een ee abe
No Eneumbrance
BIAL undertakes not to create any Encumbrances on the Additional Land, except a8
permited in ths Lease Deed, the Concession Agreement, the State Support Agreement, the
‘CNS/ATM Agreement, the Financing Agreements ot as may be roguited by the terms of any
regulatory approval or permission or parsant to any law
‘Compliance with Envizonmental Law.
@ BIAL shall obtain or cause to be obtained al clearances, permits and consents und any
spplicable Environmental Law that it raguites 10 enable i to cary out the Purposes and
BIAL shall comply with the conditions of such clearances, permits and consents
() BIAL wil in the contractual arrangements with Service Provider Right Holders () ensure
that such Service Provider Right Holder commit to obtain and comply with all
<dearances, permits and consents requted by them under any applicable Environmental
Law to enable them to catty out the Activites; and (ji) include the right to terminate
those arrangements in the ease of continued breach of such clearances, pemnits and
‘consents, Should such Service Provider Right Holder be in breach of aay sich
-dearunces, permits and consent, to the extent that BLAL is awae of sch breach it shall
‘use its reasonable endeavors to ensure compliance with such clacances, permits and
‘Outgoings during the Term ofthe Leste.
BIAL shall pay and discharge all Outpoings forthe Term of the Lease
‘TERMINATION.
SIAL Default Event?
per the terns ofthe
Any mateial breach of this Lease Deed by BIAL will be deemed a
‘under the Sate Support Agreement and wil be deat with accordingly
‘State Suppozt Agreement.
Any material brech of this Lease Deed by KSIIDC will be deemed a “GoK Defaslt Event”
‘under the State Support Agreement and will be deat with accordingly as per the terms ofthe
‘State Support Agreement.
Page #13
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF KSIIDC
_ 80.24 ng
KSIIDC hereby represents and warns o BIAL a8 flows: AR LESS
ttn sews te
6) KSUDC is diy incorpormted and vail exting unde the er oF
(&) KSHIDC has fall power to catry on is business and to enter into, legally bind ite by,
snd peeform its obligations under, tis Lease Deeds
(© This Lease Deed has been duly authorised, executed, and delivered by KSIIDC after
{ling ll egal formalices and constitute its legal, valid and binding obligation;
(@) All actions, conditions and things required by the laws of India and Karnataka to be
taken, fullled and done in onder to enable KSIIDC lawfully to lense the Adaltional Land
Jn accordance with this Lease Deed have been taken, flied and done
(© The execution, delivery and performance of this Lease Deed does not constinate
violation of @) any staut, judgement, order, decree or regulation or rule of any court,
governmental authority of abitrator of competent jurisdiction applicable or relating to
KSHIDG, its asses or its businesses, and (@) KSIIDCs Memorandum oF
Association, charter or other documents or any indennite, contract or agreement t0
‘which iis a party ox by which i rts property shall be bounds,
es of
(There are no outstanding judgments against KSIIDC and, to the knowledge of KSHDC,
‘0 action, chim, suit oF proceeding is pening of threatened against KSIIDC before any
court, govemmental authority or arbitrator of competent jurisdiction that could
reasonably be expected to affect the ability of KSIIDC to perform its obligations under
this Lease Deed
(@ KSIIDC is notin default under any agreement to which its party or by which it o its
propery shall be Bound, o in any material default of any obligation, which could have a
‘material and adverse effect onthe ability of KSIIDC to peeform is obligations under this
Lease Deeds
(0) KSHIDC is not aware ofthe dsposal of any effluents and / or Hazardous Materials on
the Additional Land and is not awate of any ther breach of any Eavionmental Laws in
respect of the Additional Land; and
@ The Additional Land hereby agreed to be leased to BIAL is fee feom all Encumbrances
snd encroachments vacant and isin possession of KSIIDC. BIAL will have quiet and
peaceful possession of the Additonal Land during the Term of the Lease, from the date
(of delivery ofthe Adltional Land to BIAL.
Page #4
10, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BIAL.
IAL hereby repeesents and warrants to KSHDC as follows: a ee wlth
(@ BLALis duyncoporned and vy eng under elas gen ——/2-—_ fe sap
() BIAL has full power to cary on its business and to enter into, legally bid itself by, and
perfor its obligations under, this Lease Deed:
(© This Lease Deed has been duly authorised, executed, and delivered by BIAL after
falling al legal formalities and constirtes its legal, valid and binding obligation;
(@) The execution, delivers, and performance of this Lease Deed, does aot constiute a
violation of @) any statute, judgement, order, decree or eegulation of rule of say court
governmental authority or atbitator of competent jurisdiction applicable or relating 0
BIAL, its assets or its businesses, and @) BIAL’s Memorandum or Amicles of
Association o¢ other documents or any indenture, contractor agreement to which iti «
party or by which it or its property shall be bound;
© There ae n0 oustanding jugements against BIAL ois shareholder, and, to the
Jnowledge of BIAL, 20 action, cin, suitor proceoting is pending or threatened against
BIAL oF shareholders before any cour, governmental athoriy of arbitator of
competent jaricton that could reasonably be expected to affect he ability of BIAL co
perform its obligations under this Lease Deed and
(9) BIAL is notin default under any agreement to which itis pasty ot by which it of its
property shall be bound, oF in any mateial default of any obligation, which could have a
‘material and adverse effect on the ability of BIAL. to perform its obligations under this
Lease Deed.
AL INDEMNITIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.
MLL Definitions
In this Clause 1:
(“Affiliate means 2 100% subsidiary or a company having 100% contra, in ration to any
Party, For this purpose “ania” means the ably 10 control the composition of the Board and
to exercise all voting eights attached to shares of such affiliate a any general meetings,
©) “Liability” means losses, damages, claims, judgments and expenses, inclding conte of
investigation, remediation and ligation or some other form of pute resolution; and
(© “Representative” means
Page 15
13
m4
Q ROMs Pye
(@) an Affiliate of a Pary. Lt BL
Right Holders defined inthe State Support Agreement)
KSIDC shall flly indemnify, defend and hold harmless BIAL and its Affiliates, and their
respective directors, employees and agents from and against any Libiity, which may be
incurred or suffered by any such person and which may aise out of or a a result from any
ofthe following causes:
@) any breach by KSIIDC of any of its obligations, covenants, agreements,
representations or warranties set forth inthis Lease Deed and
(©) any loss of property, damage to property, personal injury or death occasioned 10 oF
suffered by any person, to the extent that the damage toot loss of property othe
personal injury or death is caused wilfilly or negligently by KSIIDC or its
Representatives
BIAL shall lly indemnify, defend and hold harmless KSIIDC and its Affliates, and che
respective diectors, employees and agents fom and against any Liability, which may be
incurred or suffered by KSHDC and which may arise out of or a8 a result from any of the
following causes:
(@) any breach by BIAL of any ofits obligations, covenants, agreements, representations
‘or warratit set forth inthis Lease Deed
(©) any Enviconmental Liability which has arisen due to an act or omission of BIAL,
Whether diecly or indzeetly, and not otherwie indemnified wider Clawse 11.3)
and
(© any los of propery, damage 0 property, personal injury o death occasioned to oF
suffered by any person, tothe exten that the damage t0 of loss of property ofthe
ppessonal injury or death is caused wilfully or negligently by BIAL or its
Representatives.
Limitation of Liability
‘In no event shall any Paty is officers, employees or agents be lable to the other Party (on
the basis of breach of contact, indemaiy, waranty oF tor, inchiding negligence and strict ot
absolute lability, or breach of statutory duty or otherwise) for any mater arising out of or in
connection with this Lease Deed in respect of any Consequential Loss suftered by the other
Panty. Each Pany undertakes not to sue the other Pansy, its officers, employees, agents oF
sub-contractors in respect of such Consequential Loss,
Page # 16
2 sees B02 It
28.
[Neither Party shal, without the other Party's prior writen consent, transfer, assign or grant
any form of security over any of thee obligations or rights under this Lease Deed provided
ASSIGNMENT
@ _BIAL may without KSHDC's prior consent create any mortgage or charge over the
Additional Land in favour of the Lendees or any agent or trustee acting on their
behalf or assign this Lease Deed tothe Lenders by way of security,
(©) BIAL may, with thiry (30) days prior notice to KSIDC, assign this Lease Deed 10
Gol under the Concession Agreement, and
(© Any Service Provider Right Holder granted an interest in the Additional Land by
BBIAL pursuant o the terms of tis Lease Deed may without KSIIDC' poe consent
create any morgage or charge over such interest in favour of any financial
Insitutions providing funds to such Service Provider Right Folder in respect oftheir
acvities atthe Additional Land.
Save as provided above, any purported transfer, assignment or secusty interest granted without the
‘other Party's consent shall not be effective and shall be a breach ofthis Lease Deed. Subject to the
foregoing, this Lease Deed shall be binding upon and inure to the Benefit of all permitted
successors in-inerest and assigns of KSIIDC and BIAL.
B.
1a
142
REMOVAL OF DIFFICULTIES
‘The Paties acknowledge that it is conceivable thatthe Partics may encounter difficulties or
problems in the course of implementation of the Projet, operation of the Airport and the
‘tansactions envisaged under this Lease Deed. The Paris agree and covenant that they shall
mutually discuss such dificutes and problems in good faith and take all reasonable sep
necessary for removal o resolution of such dificultes or problems.
DISPUTE RESOLUTION
Negotiation and Conciliation.
‘The Paris shall use their respective reasonable endeavors to sete any dispute difference
aim, question or controversy berween the Parties asing out of in connection with or in
elation to this Lease Deed (“Dispute”) amicably between themselves through negotiation.
Reference to Arbiteator.
Any Dispute which the Parties are unable to resolve pursuant to Clause 14.1 within sixty (60)
days (or such longer peiod asthe Parties may agree) ofthe writen notification by one Party
to the other of the existence of a Dispute shall be finally determined by arbitation in
Page #17
43
14
161
162
163
accordance with the Indian Arbitation and Condition Aet 1996 and in accordance with the
UNCTTRAL Res (“Rules”) by thre arbitators appointed in accordance wth the oy
Misedlancous. —Lac ay
ae ae
“The venue of abitton shall be Bango. Each PIMA ey the expen ot he
schintionin sconce wh the Roles sd the eve abil Fr she cont al ein
terms of th abr sad No sbirtor sal be the preset or forme npg Faget
fo conan oreo wo er Pty o in ny wy edo Gl comnetd wth
the Paice The lngege ofthe abitraon dal be Eagish,
Decision/ Awad.
Any decision or award of an abit tibual appointed purwuant to this Cluse 14 shall be
final and binding upon the Parties. The Panes waive any rights t appeal or any review oF
such award by any court or tibunal of competent judsdicion insofar as such waiver can
validly be made. The Parties expressly submit to the jurisdiction of any such court for the
purposes of enforcement of any atbitration award.
GOVERNING LAW
‘This Lense Deed is governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the
Republic of Inia.
GENERAL PROVISIONS.
nti Agreement.
‘This Lease Deed together with the Schedules and other agreements referred to hercin
<onstrte the entre agreement of the Parties sith reypect tthe subject matter and the
transaction envisaged in this Lease Deed and supersedes all previous agreements,
understandings, cofrespondences and documents relating to the subject matter and the
teansaction envisaged herein.
Waive.
Neither Paty shall be deemed to have waived any right under this Lease Deed, uaess such
Party shall have delivered tothe other Party written waver signed by an authorised officer
‘of such waiving Party: No delay or omission inthe exercise of any power or emedy shall be
construed to be a waiver of any default or acquiescence theten
lava.
If any provisions) ofthis Lease Deed are declared o be invalid, unenforceable ot illegal by 8
‘competent arbittal tsbunal oF cout, such invalidity, unenforceability oF ilgality shall not
Page # 18
prejudice or affect the remaining provision(s) ofthis Lease Deed which shall continue in ful
Force and effect.
-
164 Amendments he OAM
aan t OB
@ No amendments, supplements, modifications or waivers SAND PLM Paro e Tams
‘of provisions hereof shall be valid unless evidenced in writing and signed by duly
authorised representatives of both Parties
o2uluar
(&) The Panties recognize that:
© pureuane to any decisions taken under Clause 15 of the State Support
Agreement by the partes thereto; and
Gin the event of any other amendments made to the State Support Agreement
that affect the use of the Additional Land, whether directly or indirect,
if any portion of the Additional Land is to be returned to KSIIDG, such portion of the
Adaisional Land shall avtomatcally revert back to KSIIDC and this Lease Deed may need to
be amended and hereby agre wo ke all necessary actions hereunder to implement the sie.
I" speci Peformance
Ia the even of default o breach in performance of obligations by any Panty the Party ot in
default or breach shall be entitle, without prejudice to its other rights and remedies, to seek
and enforce specific performance ofthis Leave Deed
166 Counteepars
“This Lease Dec shall be executed bythe paris in two (2) counterpans by the Parties and
cach fllyexeeuted counterpart shall be deemed a origi
167 Expenses.
Each Pary shall pay is own costs and expenses (including, without limitation, the fees and
expenses of its agents, authorised representatives, advisers, counsel and accountaats)
necessary for the negotintion, preparation, execution, delivery, performance of, and
‘compliance with, thi Lease Deed.
168 Notices,
@ All notices, demands or other communications required to be given ot made
Ihereunder shall be in English language, in writing and delivered personally or seat by
prepaid registered post or facsimile transmission addessed tothe intended recipient
‘thereof a its address or facsimile number given below or to such addres or facsimile
‘number as any Party may from time to time nou to the other Paty;
Page #19
3
In cae of KSIIDE to: tir Sent —_ |
‘+ Khanja Bhavan, East Wing, Fourth Floor, #49, Race
Course Road, Bangalore - 560001, Inia
Fax # (491-80) 2225 5740
Autenion: Managing Diector
g ws Leng
—— ot 84s ae
Inca of BAL ‘© BangaloeeIoterntional Airport Limited,
‘Administration Block, Bengaluru Intemational Aispor.,
Devanahalli, Bangalore— 560 300, India.
Fax # (491-80) 2333 3400
'* Auenton: Chief Executive Officer
(©) Notices shall be effective when received by the intended recipient. Any such notice,
demand or communication shall be deemed to have been duly served if given or
made by facsimile wansmission, immediatly on receipt of the successful
transmission report by the sender, oe if given pertonally, on delivery theteof to the
addess of the secipient, or if given by reistered pos, 5 (Gve) days after posting the
same by registered post.
(© Fither Paty may change any ofthe details set out in this Clause 168 by giving notice
ofthe change tothe other Party.
[REST OF THE PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]
Page # 20,
L
IN WITNESS WHEREOF the Parties hereto have signed this Lease Deed on the date and year frst
writen above U
2 oat oa
cat By cael
7 008) ——
Signed for and on bhaof > wns head
Karnataka State Industrial and )
Infrastructure Development
Corporation Limited
bby a duly authorised representative )
in the presence of: )
R. Atos
“sh, Da, Rasacesn Goer
Name and address of wines Name of authorised represenative
Dr RA
HH GOEL, LAs.
(OR
Signed for and on behalf of )
Bangalore International Airport Limited )
byadulyauthorsed epreseneive—)
in the presence of )
Prick Unendon
he
Sigatae oF wines Sanus of auhodiedeproenaive
Teme and aldose of vias ams of anhocod epecseanive
ASHLTOSH CHARDRA Bodapati
Daan tren or nied ‘Dict - Poate
‘dnintraton Bick A i
Bengaluru internation) Apert
Devanahalli, Bangalore-560 300
Page # 21
NBVOY
chin gr
SCHEDULE Aten stones ———Eh_ate iF
DESCRIPTION OF ADDITIONAL LAND.
All that piece and parcel of land admeasuring 124 Actes 06 Guntas in Devanahalli Talk &
Bangalore North Taluk and in the villages of Bepus, Chikkanahali, Mslanahal, Yarthiganahalli and
Aklenahaly-Mallenahal as morefuly deviled hereinbelow I. Bangalore North Taluk, Jala Hobli
SE] Nimeetievite | sumeynts |
oo
2 3 ma
3 =
: 3
3 oa
F em
: EAGT
m *
i woh
x rom
2 om
3 ET
TOR ise
I. Bangalore North Taluk, Jala Hobli
x Bren
S| xamcocoevange | sine |g SSM
i Po} Za
2 2) i
Page # 22
3 Pa a
: Hui tas
3 Hi, 1s
‘ Emm 2a
$ a rm
ni asm re
o a tat
i SI, is
mr 32 rE
i3 oi i
3 20 133
2 em 20
= ai
3 am
Fn 36
3 a2 re
ToL re
Banga Nor Tale Hoi
SE] smectuevings | simeyne |g
Taal
$ 2301 oa
oO
Page # 25
el at
= 3) 133
9 ona 106
sb oz
m 2 138
mn 6 1g
12 4 331 8
3 18 020 oe
19®) 030 e
1 Ho/t ons Hi
15 10/2 0.28 |
16 10/3 ®) 027 :
0 6) os
Tora a a)
Devanahalli Taluk, Kasaba Hobli
SL Extent
SE] Name othe Vilage Survey No. “Aen
Yethiganahal
T A) 032
2 6® 020
3 7 0.01
4 on 0.20
5 9 0.10
6 10/3) 132
7 10/8) 1.02
n 16 0.06
9 7@) 1.02
10 35) 212
m O®) 1.05
12 7) 0.08
13 78?) 212
rm 20) 0.06
TOTAL 209
Devanahalli Taluk, Kasaba Hobli
Re) Name he Village Survey No. aoe
‘AKeoabaliNalleaball
n EO) ren
‘TOTAL 420
Page #24
a ne A
ansegghes— 5 — ae a5
st Extent |
Na, Name ofthe Village Suse _|
1 [Be 3706 |
2 | chikkanahal 628 |
3__| Molaoahalis 23.23
+ Yarthiganahal 12.09
'5__[ Akdenahall- Malina 420
TOTAL 24-06
Page # 25
SCHEDULER
Lae ox vslisilice
tm rus 22 ge aay
Part 1- Aiport Activin 4
Activities
Airport Activites include the following services, facilities and equipment:
Aerodrome control sersices
Arild
Aleild lighting
Air navigtion services relating tothe Aisport
Alnside and perimeter security including acess contol and patrol
Airside and landsde acess roads and forecousts including writing, traffic signal signage and
‘monitoring
“Apron and sirrafe parking aca
Apron control and allocation of airraft stands
Arrivals concourses and meeting areas
‘Baggage systems including outbound and relaim
Bird searing
Checkin concourses
Cleaning, heating, lighting and ar condoning public areas
Customs and immigration halls
‘Emergency services
Facilities for the disabled and other special needs people
Fire service
Fight information and public addess systems
Foul and surface water deinage
Guidance systems and marshaling
Information desks and safing
Tnter-teminal transit systems
Landscaping and horticulture
ifs, esalators and passenger conveyors
Loading bridges
Lost propery
Neteorological Services / AIS
Noise insulation and sound proofing
Passenger and hand baggage search
‘Piers and gate rooms
Policing and general sccuity
Prayer Rooms
Runs
Scheduling commuttce support
Page # 26
° 30.2% nae
a Z we
iad ER OLS
oe tt Beno. a
Tele and mating mothers oom 4
ste ad rete rentment ad pot
Ray service for ety on nd checkin genge
Aiea ceming services
‘Aiea fling servis
Abioe Loon
Banks / ATM BIAL to make investment for proving basic infrastructure faites only
Bureaux de Change ~ IAL to mk investment or proving bmi infarct facts ony
Busines Centre ~ BIA. to mak investment foc proving asi infarct faites only
Nei parking
Cargo handing
Cargo terminals
Confrence Centre BIA. to mak investment for proving basic infrastruc oaly
Duty fc sale ~ BLA. to mk investment for providing ba infrantrctr sits only
Fight catering services
Fright consaidstors/lorwarers oc agents
Caner eraion vse anling
Gener aiaon terminals
Gener ret shops ~ BIAL.to make investment for providing bai infastucrr facts ony
Ground handing services
Ground handing equipment
Ground powe forse
Hangars
Heavy maintenance services BIAL.to undertake thete only if sch services ae in setion
sicpor and/or aire
Hoel eseraion sevies ~BIAL 1 ake fvetment fr proving bsicinfasrucue fates
ony
Infasractre forthe siport complex ie road, dss, ter sop ete
Line maintenance services ~ BAL to undertake these ody if ach vervices ae in raion 1 isport
and/or ainerat
Locke ental ~ IAL to mak investment for providing bi infastact facts only
Mestenge eves ~ BIA to make investment fr providing bse infisratue facies only
beer erce
Preconditioned ar for sircrat
over even
Post Offices BIA. to make investment for proviig basic infeastrctre fits only
Publi tephones~ BLA. to mak investment for proving bas infarct ass only
Resaurants, bars and oe freshen fcies ~ BIA to ake ivetment fr providing basic
iniarotore fates oly
Special Ariane Services
“Tourist information series ~BIAL to make vesment fr providing bas infstucure facies
Page #27
‘Tevel agency ~ BIAL to make investment for providing basi infrastructure facies only
‘Trolley service $
nllties (including electricity, gas, telecommunications and water) 2
ey
‘Vending machines — BIAL to make investment for providing basic infrastructure facts only tc
‘VIP/Special lounges a
‘Warehouses fs
Ce Ts
& j-
tu 2-Now Aeon i etnies te
son ent Ate te ie bing nen en pe
Aigport Shuttle transport services (Hotels City Cente ete)
Bosiness Packs
HiTech Packs
Hotels
Industrial Paks
Commercial Buildings
Special Economic Zones
‘Commercial Complexes
Golf Course
Country Club
Food Silos
Independent Power Producing
Production centres ike manutierusing factories
‘And includes any activities reasonably ancillary or incidental to the above activites.
Page # 28
2 8024 (no
SCHEDULEC 9 ~—CESt O40 iy,
drm Hens pte saat
Lease Rent
Lease Rent shall be payable to KSIIDC by BIAL in the following manner:
(0) Forth pido heey oth toa Lad to LAL tad nig te Aiport
Opering Date Rupee One pers.
(©) Forte pero jum he Agr Opening Date tl hed of vn (7) ys falning the ort
Opening Date thee percent (94) per annum ofthe ttl cost ofthe Additional Land
i.e. Rs 36,77,92,652/- (Rupees Thisyy Six Crores Seventy Seven Lakhs Ninety Two
‘Thousand Sx Hundeed and Fifty Two Onl) hersinafer refered 10 as the
“Additional Land Cost
(© Forth ehh ar er te Aiport Opening Date sx percent (6%) of the Addonal Land
Cont.
(Fare sear flowing th cig) yer fete ipart Opening Dae fr he minder of te
Tone: Aa avout equivalent tothe Lese Rent of the preceding year pls three pet
eat (5.
yoke
n01as. We fee
o oul-y
Oe dod
A
Page # 29
Se 8624 lye
scurpuien <8 049-8
em toms 2 te sll
Goverment tes RD 9 Masha 207 Ba ps dee Febery
(GOVERNMENT OF KARNATAKA
No. RID 413 MuNoMu 2007 Kemmuuka Goverment Secretarial
‘MS Building,
Uangalore, dated 16-02-2008
NOTIHGATION
1m exercise of powsrt conierod under proviso wo Suction (1) of Kumatakn
Stump Act. 1957 and Under Section 78 Chapter XVI of Kamasaka Regiomation Act
1908 (Central Act of 1908), the Goveenment of Kiwatkn heveby Pally exempts oth
paymcat of rogisiron fee und sawp daty towards the additonal 125.06 nares oF
Jand acquired by Karnalske Industral Areas Devclopynent Board (KIADI) fer the
‘Burpose of formation of soveos rou for tbe secu) sunny Of Bangalore interaatin
Argon.
‘This Notfiaion issues with the soneurrencs of Finanee Departmen: wide
oe
Under Seereary fo Government (Stans & Regn)
‘Revenue Prepares
‘Compiler, Kamatuka Gavew. Bangalore, wo publish in the oext issu wid to sappy
TOO copies.
Copies:
1) Accountant General i Kaenanska, Bumyslne
2) Adviso- to TP the Govemer GA, Vidhan Souda, Buigalre
5) Mavate Secreury t Cel Sosreury Wy Government, Visuina South
=
erates
9 eee imams rmtee tema en
eee
=
9% SGE / Spare Cupics
Page # 30
GOVERNMENT OF KARNATAKA,
No. RD 413 MUNOMU 2007 Kamataka Government Secretariat,
MS. Building,
BANGALORE, datcd:27.052008.
CORRIGENDUM
‘In the first para of the Notification No. RD 413 MUNOMU 2007
ated: 16.02.2008 after the words “access road” the word “and” shall be
inserted and the words “for the” shall be substituted.
Byprder and in the name of
the President of India,
“I RA)
‘Under Secretary to Government,
Revenue Department
(Stamps & Registration)
To: ee
‘The Compiles, Karnataka Gazette, Bangalore with u view to publish in
the next Gazette.
Copies
1) The lnspector General of Registration & Commissiorer of Stamps,
Shimsha Bhavan, Bangalore-9.
2) The District Regisvar, Bangalore Rural District, Bangalore.
3) The Sub Registrar, Devanahalli Sub registrar office, Bangalore
Rural
4) The Under Secretary to Government, Finance Department (Ex.7),
Vidhana Soudha, Bangalore.
5) GPA. to Secretary to Government, Revenue Department
0 Deputy Secretary to Government, Revenue Department,
7) Section Guard File/Additional Copies.
Page #31
Pe ae
aoa
scurpuege Ze ge
Government Order RD 413 MuNoMu 2007 Bangalore, Addendum dated May 27, 2008
GOVERNMENT OF KARNATAKA
No. RD 413 MUNOMU 2007 Kamataka Government Secretariat,
M.S. Building,
BANGALORE, dated:27.05.2008.
ADDENDUM
After first para of the Notification No. RD 413 MUNOMU 2007
dated:16.02.2008 the following para shall be added:
“The above exemptions shall cover registration of Sale Deed
executed between KIADB and KSIIDC and Lease Deed
executed between KSIIDC and BIAL”.
By order and in the name of
sesident of India,
“K-RAMACHANDRA)
Unser Secretary to Government,
Revenue Department
(Stamps & Registration)
‘To:
The Compiler, Karnataka Gazette, Bangalore with a view to publish in
the next Gazeus,
Copies:
1) The Inspector General of Registration & Commissioner of Stamps,
Shimsha Bhavan, Bangalore-9
2) The Diswrict Registrar, Bangalore Rural District, Bangalore.
3) The Sub Registrar, Devanahalli Sub registrar office, Bangalore
Rural.
4) The Under Secretary to Government, Finance Department (Ex.7),
Vidhana Soudha, Bangalore.
3) G.P.A. to Secretary to Government, Revenue Department
6) P.A. to Deputy Secretary to Government, Revenue Deparment.
7) Section Guard File/Additional Copies.
Page #32
—— Sa.
acme 80-28 Phone: 2225 8191-23
ar a8 Fax; 09022255740
+ Email: keide@atoimal in nfo@kside com Email: kslde@ainsimalin /info@ksie.com
‘Wiebste tp hse com Wobsto : htpsiwakalide com
emrusoon gmom ata, {270 Karnataka State Industrial and
mbeoPoy, CRa, NB
Infrastructure Development
arab aobaSs Corporation Limited
gar, FW SO, SI et ‘anja Bhavan No, 42, th Fla East Wing
des tant ot, dene Meco et ace Gowse Rud, rps 20001, de
DGMQPD-1)/ 2326 /2011-18 ‘January 11,2012
2 P03 lyat
‘The Sub Registrar 0 elo,
resanas aa a
DEVANAHALLL ems Be ae
Dear Sit,
‘Sub: Registration of Land Lease Deed executed between
KSIIDC and BIAL in respect of the additional land
of 124 Acres 06 Guntas in Devanahalli Taluk and
Bangalore North Taluk .
‘With reference to the above we request you kindly to register the
Land Lease Deed dated 31/12/2011 executed between KSIDC and BIAL.
‘The Lease Deed will be presented by the authorities of BIAL for registration.
‘The Government in Notification No.RD 413 MuNoMu 2007 dated 27/05/2008,
Corrigendum Notification No.RD 413 MuNoMu 2007 dated 27/08/2008,
Addendum Notification No. RD 413 MuNoMu 2007 dated 27/05/2008, has
granted exemption from payment of Stamp duty and Registration fee for the
said transaction. Copies of the Notifications are enclosed to the Lease Deed.
‘The Managing Director, KSIIDC is exempt from personal appearance.
‘We request you kindly to accept and register the said Jase deed,
Thanking you,
Yous ntaty
=
nage
Depa an a eg.)
fact eestor
‘Copy to:
The Anintn Vic Presiden & HeadLegel
Bangalore International Airport Limited (\
Senjunranteraconelasoat \ \
Devanahalli \ tf -
BANGALORE - 860 300 -
sESH]
Deputy Gen. Manager(IPD-1)