1
DRAFT LEASE AGREEMENT FOR LAND
THIS LEASE AGREEMENT is made on the .............. day of................... Guwahati, Assam
- BETWEEN -
(AIDC Ltd. / AIIDC Ltd. / ASIDC LTD. /....................), A Govt. of Assam Undertaking established
under
Company’s
Act
19...........,
having
its
Registered
/
Head
Office
at
......................................................................., represented herein by its authorized representative
................................. hereinafter referred to as LESSOR / FIRST PARTY (which expression shall
unless the context does not so admit includes its successors and assigns) of the ONE PART.
-AND-
M/s ................................................., a proprietorship firm/ partnership firm/ private limited company/
public limited company established under ................................................, represented by authorized
representative ........................................ son of ........................... having its head office at
......................................, (hereinafter referred to as the LESSEE / SECOND PARTY which expression
shall unless the context does not so admit, include his heirs, its executors, administrators, legal
representatives and permitted assigns successors and permitted assigns) of the OTHER PART.
WHEREAS, the Govt. of Assam handed over the land at ................................................... under
..................... Revenue Circle, District- ............................., Assam measuring ..................... Sqm. to the
Lessor / First Party (AIDC Ltd. / AIIDC Ltd./ ASIDC Ltd./ .....................) for the purpose of setting up
IIDC/ IGC/ Park/ ............................ Project at ....................... and the said Lessor / First Party sub-
divided the above land into plots for setting up Industrial Units for leasing out such sub-divided plots to
Industrialists / Entrepreneurs for erecting on each Plot the Factory according to the Factory Bye-Laws
and Building plans approved by the proper Competent Authority.
WHEREAS, the LESSEE / SECOND PARTY has applied to the AIDC Ltd. / AIIDC Ltd./
ASIDC Ltd./ ....................., Assam for grant on lease a plot of land/ factory shed/ or building/ or part of
building for starting an industry under the name and style of M/....................................,  for
manufacturing / processing / servicing / repairing of .......................................
-AND-
WHEREAS, the (AIDC Ltd. / AIIDC Ltd./ ASIDC Ltd./ .....................) on the application made
by the LESSEE / SECOND PARTY, agreed to grant him on lease for occupation of plot land in the
IIDC/ IGC/ Park ......................, Assam as described in the schedule hereunder and under the terms and
conditions hereinafter set forth.
NOW THIS LEASE AGREEMENT WITNESSTH AS FOLLOWS:
(I)
In pursuant to the Law / Rules and Regulation applicable for entering into the Lease agreement /
allotment of land etc. for the Lessor / First Party, this instant Lease agreement has been entered
into and as such, the above mentioned Law / Rules and Regulation will strictly adhere to the both
parties of this Lease agreement in all terms. Further, this Lease agreement would be treated as
the substitute agreement for the lease agreement, if so entered into earlier between the both
parties of this Deed. After execution of this instant agreement, the all earlier agreement, if so
executed between the parties, would be considered as invalid and non operational in law for all
purposes.
2
(II)
In consideration of the covenant and agreements herein contained and on payment by Lessee /
Second Party amount of Rs. ................. (Rupees ................................) only towards the Annual
Ground Rent calculated @ Rs. 2.00 per sq.m. per annum, the receipt whereof the Lessor / First
Party hereby acknowledges, the Lessor / First Party doth hereby demise to the Lessee / Second
Party the plot of land described in the schedule below.
And which said plot of land is more clearly delineated and shown in the attached Plan and
therein marked red TO HOLD the said Plot of land (herein after referred to as “the demised”
premises) with their appurtenances unto the Lessee / Second Party for the specific term of 30
(thirty) years from the date of execution of this Lease agreement except and always reserving to
the Lessor / First Party and his successors or assignees.
a. A right to lay water mains, drains, sewers or electric wires under or over the demised premises, if
deemed necessary by the Lessor / First Party for developing the area.
b. Full right and title to all mines and minerals in and under the demised premises or any part
thereof.
c. Yielding and paying thereof unto the Lessor / First Party by 30th day of April in each year in
advance the yearly rent. The Lessor / First Party reserves the right to revise the rate of Ground
Rent in every 3 (three) years. The quantum of rent determined by the Lessor / First Party shall
be final, conclusive and binding on the Lessee / Second Party and it shall not be questioned in
any court of law or otherwise.
d. The period of lease is renewable on expiry of 30 (thirty) years on satisfaction / payment of
Annual Ground Rent, Lease Premium and any other charges as applicable at the time of renewal.
e. When the Lessee / Second Party for the purpose of establishing or developing the industry on
the demised property, seeks to obtain loan from a bank or other Financial Institution by
mortgaging his lease hold interest on the demised property in favour of such Bank or institution,
prior permission for the same is necessary and will be given by the Lessor / First Party to this
effect, provided such mortgage does not affect the rights and powers of the Lessor / First Party
under this deed, in any manner.
f. In case of mortgage of such land to the Bank / Financial Institutions by the Lessee / Second
Party with prior permission of the Lessor / First Party for purpose of taking loan /  Financial
assistances etc. The Bank / Financial Institutions will have a limited right to utilize the land till
expiry of lease period on failure of the Lessee / Second Party to settle the loan / financial
assistance only.
g. That while taking action to recover the dues, in the event of default in repayment of loan or
any other dispute between the Bank /Financial Institution and Lessee, the Bank /Financial
Institution shall have no authority or right upon the demised land itself.
h. That in the event of the Lessee’s failure and /or default to pay dues timely to the AIDC
Limited, the Corporation may resort to legal recourse and/ or resume back the possession in
terms of the Lease Agreement and the Lessee shall be bound to vacate the premises within(-----
-------------) months of the notice by removing plant & machineries, goods whatsoever installed
and / or stored in the premises and remaining hypothecated to the Bank to enable the AIDC
Limited to take vacant possession otherwise the AIDC Limited will remove all such installation
and /or goods and dispose it off at the Lessee’s account with due notice.
3
i. While availing loans from the Bank/ Financial Institution the Lessee and the Bank shall
execute necessary documents of shall have provision in their Loan Agreement between
themselves that in the event the said Lessee commits any default in making payment of the all
dues to the Lessor the AIDC Limited shall have first share in the amount recovered from the
auction of the plant and machineries by the Bank/ Financial institution.
j. In the event Lessee defaults on repayment of loan and the loan is identified as NPA by Bank/
Financial.
k. Institution, the Bank/ Financial Institution may suggest to re- allot the leasehold interest of
the plot/ shed for the remaining period to another applicant who is otherwise eligible to obtain
such land/ plot/ shed after fulfilling the norms of AIDC Limited and paying transfer fee and
other dues as per prevailing norms of AIDC Limited.
l. Under no circumstances, the right of ownership of the land will be transferred to any party
without prior approval of the Government in Revenue & Disaster Management Department.
m. The leased out land should be used only for industrial purpose. In case of transfer or ownership
of the Industrial Unit or taking over of the Industrial Unit by Bank or other Financial Institutions
also for remaining period of lease, the land can be used only for Industrial purposes.
n. The Letter of Allotment issued to the Lessee / Second Party for allotment of land shall be
treated as a part of this agreement.
NOW THE LESSEEE / SECOND PARTY BOTH HEREBY COVENANT WITH THE
LESSOR / FIRST PARTY / FIRST PARTY AS UNDER:
2.
a. That the Lessee / Second party will bear, pay and discharge all rates, taxes, charges and
assessment of every description which may, during the said term, be assessed, charged or
imposed in respect of demised premises or the Building to be erected thereupon which would be
decided by the Lessor / First Party from time to time.
b. The Lessee / Second party shall pay the Development Charges of the Plot calculated at the rate
prescribed by the Corporation for IIDC, Nalbari from time to time. The Lessor / First Party
shall reserves the right to enhance the rate of Development Charges, if the compensation payable
under an award is enhanced by any Competent Court subsequently or there is escalation in the
cost of development of the area otherwise.
c. That the Lessee / Second party will bear, pay and discharge all Service Charges, Special
Maintenance Charges, Road Maintenance Charges, Street Lighting Charges, Arboricultural
Charges and other Ancillary Services, required for the upkeep of IIDC/ IGC/ Park/
........................ which may during the said term be assessed, charged, levied or imposed by the
Lessor / First Party within stipulated time as indicated by the Lessor / First Party in due
course.
“The Lessor / First party reserve the right to revise the rate of Service charges and Special
Maintenance Charges from time to time and the decision of the Lessor / First party shall be
final, conclusive and binding on the Lessee / Second party and it shall not be questioned in any
court of law or otherwise.”
d. That the Lessee / Second party will obey and submit to the Rules of Municipal or other
competent authority now existing or hereafter to exist so far as the same relate to the immovable
property in the area or so far as they affect the health, safety, convenience of the other
inhabitants of the place.
4
e. That the Lessee / Second party will erect on the demised premises in accordance with the layout
plan, elevation  and  design  to  be  approved  both  by  the  Lessor  / First party and the
competent local authority in writing and in a substantial and workmen-like manner the Industrial
Units as aforesaid with all necessary out houses, sewers, drains and other appurtenances
according to the local authority’s rules and bye laws in respect of buildings, drains, latrines and
connection with sewers, and will commence such construction of main production shed within
the period of one year and will completely finish the same fit for use and start commercial
production within the period of 2 (two) years from the date of these presents or from the date
of possession, whichever is earlier or within such extended period of time as may be allowed by
the Lessor / First Party in writing at its discretion on payment of retention charges as
determined by the Lessor / First Party.
f. That the Lessee / Second party will keep the demised premises and the building thereon at all
times in a state of good and substantial repairs and in sanitary condition.
g. That the Lessee / Second Party will not make or permit to be made any alteration in or additions
to the said buildings or other erections for the time being on the demised premises or erect or
permit to erect any new building on the demised premises without the previous permission in
writing of the Lessor / First Party and the Local Competent Authority and except in accordance
with the terms of such permission and plan approved by the Lessor / First Party and the Local
Competent Authority and in case of any deviation from such terms or plan, will immediately,
upon receipt of notice from the Lessor / First party or the Local Competent Authority requiring
him so to do, correct such deviation as aforesaid, and if the Lessee / Second Party shall neglect
or not correct such deviation for the space in one calendar month after the receipt of such notice
then it shall be lawful for the Lessor / First Party, or the Local Competent Authority to cause
such deviation to be corrected at the expenses of the Lessee / Second party, which expenses the
Lessee / Second party hereby agrees to reimburse by paying to the Lessor / First Party or the
Local Competent Authority the amount which the Lessor / First party or Local Competent
Authority as the case may be shall fix in that behalf and the decision of the Lessor / First party
or Local Competent Authority as the case may be, shall be final.
h. That the Lessee / Second party will provide and maintain in good repairs a properly constructed
approach road or path alongwith the event across drain to the satisfaction of the Lessor / First
Party / Local Competent Authority leading from the public road / Corporation road to the
building to be erected on the demised premises.
i. That the Lessee / Second Party will not carry on or permit to be carried on the demises any
obnoxious trade or business whatsoever or use the same or permit the same to be used for any
religious purpose or any purpose other than for the Industrial purposes aforesaid without the
previous consent in writing of the Lessor / First Party and the Local Competent Authority and
subject to such terms and conditions and the Lessor / First Party / Local Competent Authority
may impose and will not do or suffer to be done, on the demised premises or any part thereof
any act or thing which may be or grow to be a nuisance, damage annoyance, or inconvenience to
the Lessor / First Party or Local Competent Authority or the Owner or Occupiers of other
premises in the neighbourhood.
j. The Lessee / Second Party shall have no right to transfer / sublet whole or part of the lease hold
interest. However, in the event of specific exceptional cases, the Lessor / First Party with the
prior approval of the State Government in the Industries and Commerce Department may allow
the Lessee / Second Party to sublet a portion of a lease hold interest (not exceeding 40%) under
certain terms and conditions as framed by the Lessor / First Party.
k. That Lessee / Second Party will permit the members, officers and subordinates of the Lessor /
First Party and workmen and other persons employed by them from time to time and at all
5
reasonable times of the day during the said term to enter into and upon the demised premises and
the buildings to be erected thereupon in order to inspect the same.
l. That the Lessee / Second Party will not make any excavation upon any part of the demised
premises (except for foundation of building and for leveling and dressing the area) nor remove
any stone, sand, gravel, clay, earth or any other materials therefrom.
m. That the Lessee / Second Party will not erect or permit to be erected on any part of the demised
premise any stables, sheds or other structures of any descriptions whatsoever for keeping horse,
cattle’s, dogs, poultry or other animals except and in so far as may be allowed by the Lessor /
First Party  in writing.
n. That the Lessee / Second party will neither exercise his option of determining the lease nor hold
the Lessor / First Party responsible to make good the damage if by fire, tempest, flood or
violence of any army or a mob or other irresistible force, any material part of the demised
premises if wholly or partly destroyed or rendered substantially or permanently unfit for building
purpose.
o. That Lessee / Second Party shall construct and complete the said buildings and put the demised
premises with the buildings constructed thereon to use herein before mentioned within two
years from the date of this Agreement or from the date of possession of the said land is handed
over to it, whichever is earlier provided that the Lessor / First Party  may at its discretion
extend the time herein before provided if in his opinion the delay is caused for reasons beyond
the control of the Lessee / Second Party .
Provided that unutilized land of the allotted plot or plots shall revert to the Corporation on the
expiry of the prescribed / extended period for starting production / expansion of the unit.
p. If during the terms of the lease agreement, the Lessee / Second Party or his workmen or
servants shall,
i.
injure or destroy any part of building or other structure contiguous or adjacent to the plot
of land hereby demised.
ii.
keep foundation tunnels or other pits on the demised land open or exposed to weather
thereby causing any injury or damage to contiguous or adjacent buildings, or
iii.
dig any pits near the foundation of any building thereby causing any injury or damage to
such building, the Lessee / Second Party shall pay such damages thereof as may be
assessed by the Lessor / First Party (whose decision as to the extent of injury or
damage, or the amount of damages payable thereof shall be final and binding on the
Lessee / Second Party.
q. The Lessee / Second Party shall also abide by other terms and conditions as may be laid down
from time to time for IIDC/ IGC/ Park/...........
r. If the Lessee / Second Party, being a registered or unregistered Partnership Firm or a
Cooperative Society, is dissolved and no successor in interest is appointed with 60 (sixty) days
of its dissolution the Lessor / First Party shall be entitled to terminate this Land Lease
Agreement without approaching any Court of law.
s. The Lessee / Second Party shall not emit untreated effluent in any form (solid, liquid and gas)
from the allotted plot.
6
AND IT IS HEREBY FURTHER AGREED AND DECLARED BY AND BETWEEN THE
PARTIES TO THESE PRESENTS AS FOLLOWS:
3.
a. Notwithstanding anything, herein before contained if there shall have been in the opinion of the
Lessor / First party any breach by the Lessee / Second Party or by the person claiming
through or under him of any of the Covenants or conditions herein before contained and on his
part to be observed and performed in particular without prejudice to the generality of the sub-
clause, if the Lessee / Second Party transfers, relinquishes, mortgages or assigns any part of the
demised premises less than the whole or transfers, relinquishes, mortgages or assigns the whole
of the demised premises without the previous consent in writing of the Lessor / First Party as
herein before provided subject to the exception in Clause 2(j) or if the Lessee / Second Party
fails to commence and complete the building in the time and manner herein before provided or if
the amounts due to the Lessor / First Party as rent hereby reserved or any part of the premium
as stipulated in clause I or service charge and special maintenance charge as stipulated in Clause
2(c) shall be in arrear and any other   unpaid for a period of 90 days after the same shall have
been demanded by the Lessor / First Party   or if the Lessee / Second Party or the persons in
whom the terms hereby created shall be vested, shall be adjudged insolvent or if this Land Lease
Agreement  is determined as herein before specified, it shall be lawful for the Lessor / First
Party subject to the provisions of this lease deed (without prejudice to any other right of action
of the Lessor / First Party in respect of any breach of this Land Lease Agreement) to re-enter
without taking recourse to a court of law upon the demised premises or any part thereof in name
of whole and thereupon this demise shall absolutely CEASE and determined and the money paid
by the Lessee / Second Party by virtue of these presents shall stand forfeited to the Lessor /
First Party without prejudice to right of the Lessor / First Party to recover from the Lessee /
Second Party all money that may be payable by the Lessee / Second Party hereunder with
interest thereon at 18% per annum and the Lessee / Second Party shall not be entitled to any
compensation whatsoever. Provided always that the Lessee / Second Party shall be at liberty to
remove and appropriate to himself all building erections and structures, if any made by him and
all materials thereof from the demised premises after paying up all dues, the premium and the
lease rent upto date and all municipal and other taxes, rates and assessments then due including
service charge e.g. conservancy charges and special maintenance charges and all damages and
other dues accruing to the Lessor / First Party and to remove the materials from the demised
premises within three months to the determination of the Lessor / First Party and in case of
failure on the part Lessee / Second Party to do so, the building and erection standing on the
demised premises and all materials there of shall vest in the Lessor / First Party and Lessee /
Second Party shall then have no right to claim for the refund of any money paid by him to the
Lessor / First Party unto that time or to claim any compensation for the structure and material
put up by him on the demised premises. Provided further and always the right of re-entry and
determination of the lease as herein before provided shall not be exercised if the industry at the
demised premises which has been financed by the State Government or Bank / Financial
Institutions as defined in the Public Financial Institutions Act or Scheduled Bank and the said
financing body or bodies remedy the breach within a period of 90 days from the date of notice
issued or served by the Lessor / First Party on the said financing institutions or institutions
regarding said breach or breaches.
b. All legal proceedings for breach of the conditions, aforesaid shall be lodged only before the
Court of law situated at Guwahati and not elsewhere.
c. Any loss suffered by the Lessor / First Party on a fresh grant of the demised premises for
breach of conditions aforesaid on the part of the Lessee / Second Party or any person claiming
through or under him shall be recoverable by the Lessor / First Party as per law applicable
thereto.
7
d. Any, notice required to be served hereunder shall be deemed to have been sufficiently served on
the Lessee / Second Party if served by Registered Acknowledgement Due Post and signed by
an officer of the Lessor / First Party and the services shall be deemed to have been made at the
time of which the registered letter would in the ordinary course be delivered even though
returned un-served on account of the refusal by the Lessee / Second Party or otherwise
howsoever. A notification of any decision by the Lessor / First Party shall also be served in the
same manner as prescribed above.
e. The Security deposit of Rs. 5.00 per Sqm. to be adjusted with the rent or Development
Charges.
f. The security deposit shall stand forfeited, whenever there is a breach of any condition contain in
the Lease Agreement. Those units for which Corporation is not insisting Security Deposit as
fixed at the time of filling of application for land / shed, in that case the amount of Security
Deposit as fixed by Corporation as mentioned in clause 3(e) will be deducted from the
Development Charges whenever there is a breach of any condition contained in the lease
agreement.
g. The unutilized land of the allotted plots shall revert back to the Corporation on expiry of the
prescribed extended period upto 3 years. The Development Charges originally paid by the
Lessee / Second Party for such unutilized land shall be refunded.
h. The Corporation shall have the right to cancel the allotment after issuing a 15 (fifteen) days
Show Cause Notice to the Lessee / Second Party for breach of any of these rules, conditions of
allotment letter and terms of this Lease agreement.
i. If any allottee or a Lessee intends to surrender a Plot or part thereof for any reason, the
Corporation may accept it on the condition as it may deem fit and proper. In such cases, the
amount of development Charges and Interest thereon, if any recovered from the Party will be
refunded, without any interest payable thereof as below;
a) If any allottee or a Lessee intends to surrender a Plot or part within 1 year from the date of
allotment then 90% of Development Charges will be refunded.
b) If any Allottee or a Lessee intends to surrender a Plot or part after 1 year but within 2 years
from the date of allotment then 50% of Development Charges will be refunded.
c) If any Allottee or a Lessee intends to surrender a Plot or part after 2 years from the date of
allotment then the Allottee will not be entitled for any refund.
Further, the amount of Security Money, Ground Rent, Services Charges, Special
Maintenance Charges and Interest on unpaid ground Rent, services charges and Special
maintenance Charges shall be deducted while refunding the amount.
j. Any unit which does not clear any dues payable to lessor for continuous period of 3 (three)
months shall be treated as defaulter unit and such unit shall have to vacate the said premises
without any quite progress.
a. Lessor may initiate action to cancel their Trade licence / power connection etc.
k. In case of conversion of proprietorship to partnership firm, the share of the original partner
shall not be less than 51%.
l. The Lessee / Second Party shall continue his activities in the premises for which the property is
used leased. Stoppage of said activities in leased premises temporarily or permanently the
Lessee / Second Party shall be bound to intimate the reason of stoppage to the Lessor / First
Party in writing within 7 (seven) days from stoppage or close down.
8
m. The Lessor / First Party shall have the right to re-entry over the property and take over its
possession, if restarting of activities do not take place within 3 (three) months period from the
date of initial stoppage / close down of activity or  / committing any violation of the terms set
forth in this lease agreement. The arrear dues, if any, will be realized within 3 (three) months
from the date of such taking over in due course.
n. The Lessor / First Party shall have the unfettered right to inspect the documents justifying the
utilization of assets during the leased period and the Corporation shall have the right to get
authenticated copies of such documents as and when necessary.
o. The Lessor / First Party shall have the right to re-entry over the property and take over its
possession, if the Lessee / Second Party makes any additional construction without prior
permission of the authority, the Lessor / First Party will not responsible to pay any
compensation to the Lessee / Second Party for this type of additional construction.
p. Notwithstanding anything contained in this present Lease Agreement, the Lessor / First Party
may, on termination of this agreement, transfer or lease out the property including the additional
construction and the renovation if any, to any person by private negotiation or public auction or
otherwise at the option of the Lessor / First Party and on such terms and conditions as the
Lessor / First Party deems fit and proper.
q. The Lessor / First Party reserves the right to impose any further conditions, stipulations of
alteration in the convent herein at any time which in the opinion of the Lessor / First Party /
Government feel it necessary for the public interest.
r. In the case of breach of any of the terms and conditions mentioned in this lease, the Lessee /
Second Party shall cease to be entitled to the use of or occupation of the property and the
Lessee / Second Party would be liable for summary eviction by Estate Officer authorized under
Assam Public Premises (Eviction of Unauthorized Occupants) Act, 1971.
s. In pursuance to the aforesaid Act and Rules made there under, the Lessee / Second Party will
bound to hand over the possession of the lease land to the Lessor / First Party without any
disputes.
t. Any arrear amount is so required to be recovered for the lease agreement or its consequential
effects arising therefrom, the same would be realized in terms of law applicable thereto.
u. All Power exercised by the Lessor / First Party under this lease agreement may be exercised by
Managing Director, AIDC Ltd./ AIIDC Ltd./ ASIDC Ltd./ .............................. or such other
person (s) authorized in this behalf.
Provided that the expression Managing Director shall include the person who is entrusted by
Lessor / First Party with the functions similar to those of Managing Director.
v. Every dispute difference or questions touching or arising out or in respect of this Lease
Agreement or the subject matter thereof, shall be at the first instance, invariably required to
referred to the head of the Lessor / First Party and failure to get a dissatisfactory order from the
Lessor / First Party, the Lessee / Second Party only deserves the right to refer the said dispute
/ difference to the Competent Court of Law as applicable thereto.
w. The Stamp and Registration Charges on this Lease Agreement shall be borne by the Lessee /
Second Party.
x. The Lessee / Second Party agrees that if the need arise and as per Government direction, a
separate Agreement may be required to be entered in to and signed with another Authority
9
instead of AIDC Ltd./ AIIDC Ltd./ ASIDC Ltd./ .............................. the current Lessor / First
Party in this agreement on the same terms and conditions as contain in this agreement.
y. If any provision of this agreement is rendered void, illegal or unenforceable under any Law, the
validity, legality and enforceability of that provision under any other Law and the validity,
legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions, shall not in any way be affected or
impaired thereby. Should any proviso of this agreement be or become ineffective for reasons
beyond the control of the Parties, the  Parties shall use reasonable endeavours to agree upon a
new provision which shall as nearly as possible have the same commercial effect as the
ineffective provision.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF THE parties hereto have hereunto set and subscribed their respective
hands this day and year first hereinabove written.
Schedule of Property
All that the plot of land numbered as situated within the IIDC/ IGC/ Park/ ......................... at
................... under Mouza ......……., Village ........................., Dag No. .......... Patta No. ..............,
Revenue Circle ............... , P S. ...................., District .............., Assam containing by
measurement ........................ Sqm. (Square Meter)/ Bigha  be the same a little more or less,
bounded:
On the North by
:
On the South by
:
On the East by
:
On the West by
:
IN WITNESS HEREOF THE parties hereto have set their hands this day of the month of
........................ in the year ......................
Signature for and on behalf Lessor / First Party
Signature for and on behalf of Lessee / Second Party
Signature of witness no. (1):
Name …………………………..…………...
(In capital letters)
Address: ………………..….……..………
Signature of witness no. (2):
Name ……..………………..………………………
(In capital letters)
Address: ……………..……………………...