1
SAMPLE FORMAT FOR AGREEMENT TO LEASE
THIS AGREEMENT made this the …. day of ………….……Thousand and Fifteen
BETWEEN
WEST BENGAL INDUSTRIAL INFRASTRUCTURE DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION, [PAN:
AAACW3073C] -a statutory body corporate constituted under the West Bengal Industrial
Infrastructure Development Corporation Act, 1974 (Act XXV of 1974) having its Head Office
presently at 5, Council House Street (3rd floor), Kolkata – 700 001, within the municipal limits of
the town of Kolkata hereinafter called the “CORPORATION” (which expression shall unless
excluded by or repugnant to the context, be deemed to include its successors and assignees), of the
ONE PART
AND
M/s. ………………….. - a company/society/partnership/proprietorship firm incorporated
and registered under the Companies Act, 1956/Societies Act/Partnership Act having its
Registered /Head Office at ……………………..……; hereinafter called the “ALLOTTEE”
(which expression shall unless excluded by or repugnant to the context, be deemed
to include its successors and legal representatives) of the OTHER PART.
WHEREAS the Corporation is fully seized and possessed of and sufficiently
entitled to ……… acres of land in Mouzas- ……….., J.L. …; …………., J.L. No. …
and …………., J.L. No. …. all under P.S. …….., Dist. …….. as a Transferee / Lessee
for a period of 99 years commencing from …… ….. ………. by virtue of the
Transfer/Lease Deed registered on …………….. between the CORPORATION and
THE GOVERNOR OF THE STATE OF WEST BENGAL / The Board of Trustees of the
Port of Calcutta- a body corporate constituted under ‘The Major Port Trusts Act, 1963 (Act
XXXVIII of 1963) being Deed No. …… for the year …. registered at the Office of the
……………, ……………., entered in Book No. I, Volume No. ….. from page no. ………
to page no. ………….. and has been thereby authorised to demise the land or any
part thereof;
1.
The Governor of State of West Bengal has acquired under the provisions of
the West Bengal Industrial Infrastructure Development Corporation Act,
1974 (Act XXV of 1974) / The Land Acquisition Act, 1894 (Act I of 1894) /
West Bengal Land (Requisition and Acquisition) Act, 1948 (West Bengal Act-
II of 1948)/ The Board of Trustees of the Port of Calcutta acquired an area of
………. acres of land situated at Mouzas- …….., J.L. ….; ………., J.L. No. …..
and ……….., J.L. No. ……. all under P.S. …….., Dist. ………. and has granted
possession of the above said land to the Corporation with the authority to
deal with the same.
2.
The Allottee has approached the Corporation to grant a lease of a portion of
the Said Land measuring about ………. acres fully described under Schedule
‘A’ hereinbelow (hereinafter called the ‘Said Land’) and the Corporation has
2
agreed to grant lease of the Said Land on the terms and conditions
hereinafter appearing.
I. NOW THIS AGREEMENT WITNESSESTH AND IT IS HEREBY AGREED BY AND
BETWEEN THE PARTIES as follows:
1.
The Corporation hereby agrees to grant and the Allottee hereby agrees to take on lease the
Said Land fully described under Schedule ‘A’ for a period of 99 (Ninety Nine) years with effect
from ………………………… upon payment of Lease Premium as mentioned hereinbelow
and also Annual Lease Rent as provided in the Schedule ‘B’ hereunder written or at such
revised rate together with the conditions and considerations mentioned under various
covenants herein.
2. The Allottee has paid to the Corporation a sum of Rs. ………………../- (Rupees
…………………….) only as Lease Premium for the lease to be granted for the said land.
3. The Allottee has paid a sum of Rs. ……./- (Rupees ………………………) only as Annual
Lease Rent for use of the said land for the initial period of first 20 years @ Rs. ……../- per
annum/ as per ‘Schedule B’. The Allottee shall be liable to pay Lease Rent at the same rate as
payable under Schedule ‘B’ or at such revised rate as may be prescribed by the Corporation
time to time.
4. To pay the yearly/quarterly maintenance/service charges for maintenance/running of the
services provided by the Corporation to the Allottee at the rate to be determined subsequently
till the Municipalities/Notified Authorities/other organizations of the State Government or
any other entrusted private body take over the responsibilities of the maintenance of the
services rendered by the Corporation. The Allottee shall be bound to unite with a recognized
association/ body corporate that may be entrusted with the work of maintenance of road/
infrastructure/estate of the Corporation and to pay the requisite fees/charges.
5. The Allottee shall pay/reimburse to the Corporation all rates, taxes, cess land revenue and
other impositions in respect of the said land and the structures thereon which may at any
time or times be assessed be payable by the Corporation in respect of the said land, within
such time as may be intimated by the Corporation. If payment is not made within time, the
Corporation shall charge a penal interest @ 14% per annum on the bill.
6. Execution and the Registration of the Deed of Lease will be done when called upon by the
Corporation. The Allottee shall bear the cost of stamp duty and registration fees payable in
respect of the registration of the lease deed. Provided that no ‘Deed of Lease’ shall be executed
unless substantial progress of work is shown in actuality.
7. The Corporation has handed over possession of the said land to the Allottee on ……………..,
which the Allottee hereby confirms.
3
8. The Corporation shall have the right to revise and increase the yearly Lease Rent or
Yearly/Quarterly Maintenance/Service/User’s Charges hereby reserved and in that respect the
decision of the Corporation shall be final and binding upon the Allottee.
II.
THE ALLOTTEE DOTH HEREBY COVENANT WITH THE CORPORATION AS
FOLLOWS:
(a) To utilize the said land for setting up a ‘……………………………………….’.
(b) To pay/reimburse the said yearly rent as per Schedule ‘B’ or at such revised rate of rent, land
revenue, cess as assessed/claimed by the Corporation/Govt./ concerned authority time to time
in respect of the allotted land to the Corporation in the manner herein provided for payment
thereof with or without any demand (default shall carry with it an interest @14% per
annum).
(c) To pay the yearly/quarterly maintenance/service charges for maintenance/ running of the
services provided by the Corporation to the Allottee at the applicable rate or rate to be
determined subsequently till the Municipalities/ Notified Authorities/other organizations of
the State Government take over the responsibilities of the maintenance of the services
developed by the Corporation.
(d) To abide by the terms & conditions as laid down in the terms and conditions of allotment set
by the Corporation along with its rules, regulations, norms and other practices/procedures
prevailing at the relevant point of time including that of allotment of land / utilization of land
etc. made by the Corporation time to time.
(e) Not to sink any well/tube well on the said land: The Allottee will have no right to sink well/
tube well. Allottee will have to apply separately to the Corporation for arranging water supply
to the premises for which separate Agreement will be executed. Allottee will also be required
to pay a separate connection and other charges for the same.
(f) The Allottee shall be liable to pay requisite permission fee/ transfer fee/ mutation charges for
change of name/product line/ change in constitution or nature of the Company or bulk
transfer of shares as per prevailing norms of the Confirmer, in the event of such changes
either due to its own volition or due to merger/de-merger/amalgamation or any scheme of
arrangement under any Court/BIFR order or under any statute or otherwise.
(g) The Allottee shall construct at its own costs culverts, over all water pipes passing through the
Said Land over which building structures may be erected in such manner as will give the
Corporation’s staffs agents free access at all times to the said water pipes.
(h) The Allottee shall reimburse to the Corporation all rates, taxes, land revenue, cess and other
impositions in respect the Said Land and the structures thereon which may at any time or
times be assessed be payable by the Corporation in respect of the Said Land.
4
(i) The Allottee shall demarcate the Said Land with boundary walls, pillars or fencing to
maintain such walls, pillars or fencing in good and proper condition during the said term and
to see that no other person or party may encroach upon any portion of the said land and to
execute or cause to be executed any work necessary or desirable in order to keep the Said
Land in good sanitary order and condition to the satisfaction of all authorities concerned.
(j) The Allottee shall observe, perform and comply with all stipulations and requisitions which
may from time to time be made by the Government or the Corporation or any other
Authority
statutory
or
otherwise
in
respect
of
the
Said
Land
and/or
the
structure/machineries/plants thereon or any portion thereof respectively or in relation to the
recruitment or employment of persons in any industrial and / or commercial establishment
and/or organization in the State of West Bengal and to furnish quarterly reports about the
progress of work including employment position.
(k) The Allottee shall permit and allow the Corporation’s agents / officers at all reasonable hours
to enter upon and inspect and examine the Said Land or any portion thereof as and when the
Corporation feels necessary, and also for the purpose of constructing, laying, altering,
repairing or maintaining any water-course, drains, pipes or electric wires in connection with
any adjoining property and by reason of such repairing, laying, altering etc. The Corporation
shall not be liable to pay any compensation to the Allottee if the Allottee suffers any damage
or inconvenience.
(l) The Allottee shall surrender and deliver vacant possession of the Said Land in its former
condition to the Corporation without claiming any compensation in case any mine or
minerals are discovered on any search or operation for the discovery of mine or mineral
substance is decided to be undertaken by or on behalf of the Government in the Said Land or
any portion thereof.
(m) The Allottee shall deliver to the Corporation upon the termination of this Agreement, vacant
possession of the said land by removing within 30 days therefrom at its own costs all
structures, sheds, plants, machineries and equipments, constructed, created and brought in by
the Allottee therein or any part thereof within the time as prescribed by the Corporation.
NOTWITHSTANDING anything herein contained , in the event of the Allottee’s failing to
remove all structures, sheds, plants, machineries and equipments within 30 (thirty) days from
the date of termination or sooner determination of the Agreement as aforesaid, all such
structures, sheds, plants, machineries and equipments constructed or lying on the Said Land
shall vest upon the Corporation free from any liability for payment or any compensation in
respect thereof and the Corporation shall be entitled to deal with the said Land together with
all structures, sheds, plants, machineries and equipments in such manner as they think fit and
proper as full owner thereof.
(n) The Allottee shall not use or allow being used permanently any portion of the Said Land
and/or structures thereon as a place of neither any kind of worship or prayer whatsoever nor
to convert into any kind of shrine, tomb, temple or mosque however small or insignificant.
5
(o) The Allottee shall not exhibit or allow to be exhibited any advertisement or placards or other
mode of representation on or above or within or outside the Said Land and/or the factory or
Mill or structure standing thereon or any part thereof without prior written permission of the
Corporation in specific cases or generally, except name boards or signboards of any nature
relating to the business and/or work of the Allottee or for the purpose for which the Said Land
is being allotted subject to the Allottee’s complying with Municipal, Police or any other laws,
rules or regulations for the same for the time being in force.
(p) The Allottee shall not encroach or allow or suffer any encroachment to be made upon the said
land reserved as margin of safety along the side of the Railway Siding and/or on Railway
Track in any manner whatsoever or upon the road or any portion of the Said Land
whatsoever. In case the Allottee commits any breach of the condition contained in this clause
it shall, in addition and without prejudice to all other rights and remedies of the Corporation
under these presents, be liable to pay to the Corporation all damages and losses which the
Corporation may suffer by reason thereof and keep the Corporation indemnified against any
loss, damages, costs, expenses, plants and actions whatsoever resulting from the aforesaid
breach of condition by the Allottee.
(q) The Allottee shall not lower/cause to lower in any way the level of the Said Land nor to do or
commit any act or thing which may be injurious to the Said Land and/or may render the said
land unworthy for industrial use and/or deterioration in the value thereof and in case any
damage or injury is caused to the said land or any part thereof. In the event of breach of this
covenant, the Allottee shall compensate or make good the damage caused, without prejudice
and in addition to all other rights and remedies of the Corporation under these presents.
(r) The Allottee shall not assign the lease interests or part with possession in any way of the Said
Land and/or structures thereon except with the Corporation’s written permission as per
prevailing policy of the Corporation and subject to the payment of the assignment charges,
Annual Lease Rent and outstanding Users’ Charges as may be fixed by the Corporation from
time to time. Provided here that vacant lands are not transferable. The term vaant land shall
bear the meaning as per prevailing policy/norms of the Corporation. However, the
Corporation shall not give any such permission until the dues of it are cleared.
The rights under the present allotment are not transferable either by the Allottee or its
assignee or mortgagee.
(s) The Allottee shall not sub-lease, let, sublet, underlet, give on license or part with possession in
any way of the allotted land.
(t) The Allottee shall not use or allow or permit to be used the said land or any portion thereof
for any illegal or immoral purpose or in any manner so as to become a source of grave danger
to the public peace or public safety or do any act or thing over, above or underneath the said
land or any portion thereof which shall be or become cause of nuisance, damage, annoyance,
6
inconvenience, obstruction or danger to the Said Land or to the owners or occupiers of any
adjoining or neighbouring land or premises.
(u) The Allottee shall before constructing any pucca building or house, privy, latrine or making
any addition or alterations thereto to get the plan thereof approved by Corporation as well as
by other statutory authorities as may be prescribed by law.
(v) The Allottee shall obtain No Objection Certificate / License / Registration / approval /
sanction / clearance from the appropriate authority as may be required under environmental
laws and other Statutory Provisions and the Corporation shall not in any way be liable for the
default of the Allottee on this account.
(w) The Allottee shall comply with the rules and regulations made and shall also follow other
practices and procedures of the Corporation time to time.
III.
THE CORPORATION DOTH HEREBY COVENANT WITH THE ALLOTTEE AS
FOLLOWS:
(i)
The Allottee shall possess and enjoy the Said Land, during its tenure, without any
interruption by or on behalf of the Corporation so long as it will pay the Lease Rent, Land
Revenue, Maintenance / Service Charges or other charges/impositions payable hereunder
regularly and duly observe and perform the several covenants, conditions and agreements
herein contained and on its part to be observed and performed.
(ii)
The Allottee shall pay and reimburse to the Corporation such other or further amount as
may be spent by the Corporation towards land acquisition along with interest, development or
other works of the area in which the said land is situated for the benefit of the Allottee and
other occupiers of the area together with charges and expenses incidental and ancillary thereto
on demand or demands made by or on behalf of the Corporation, as occasion would arise within
30 days from the date on which such demand or demands will be made. In case of delay,
interest at the rate as determined by the Corporation time to time for the additional amount for
the delayed period will be paid by the Allottee.
(iii)
(a) Allottee shall complete the construction of the factory or other permitted facilities on
the said land so as to start and/or commence the commercial production within 36 (thirty six)
months from the date of handing over of possession of the said land.
(b) If the Allottee fails to commence the commercial production within 36 months from
this date, the Allottee may apply to the Corporation at least 30 days prior to the lapse of the
said period of 36 months and seek extension of time to commence commercial production and
the Corporation at its discretion may allow further time of one year after imposing extension
charges up to 10% (Ten per cent) of the prevailing lease premium at the Growth Centre,
without prejudice to the other rights of the Corporation including resumption of the Said
Land. If the Allottee even after extension of time fails to run the business/production for
7
which the land is allotted, the Corporation shall take necessary actions as to pecuniary
imposition and/or any other action against the Allottee as per the prevailing
norms/regulation/policy of the Corporation including resumption of land.
(c) If the Allottee fails to commence the commercial production within the said period of
36 months or the extended period, the Corporation shall resume the Said Land making
payment to the Allottee after deducting a portion of the consideration amount of allotment
without any interest and on realization of outstanding dues, if any, and this Agreement shall
be terminated without prejudice to any right of the Corporation. Further, 30 days time will be
given to the Allottee to remove the structure, if any, on the said land failing which the
Corporation will take over the said land along with structure on it completely free from all
encumbrances and for which the Allottee will have no claim.
(iv) The Allottee may, with previous consent of the Corporation, mortgage, charge in favour of
any Bank, Life Insurance Corporation of India and Central/State Government or Financial
Institution his interest under this Agreement and the structures constructed on the Said Land
and the plants, machineries, equipments installed therein. For such consent/permission for
creating mortgage/charge, the proposal by the Allottee shall be considered only after receipt
of dues if any, and shall be issued, if considered suitable, as per norms of this Corporation and
directions of the Dept. of Commerce & Industries, Govt. of West Bengal.
In the event of mortgagee exercising any of its rights in respect of the said land, such
mortgagee would be required to give prior written notice of 90 days to the Corporation and
such mortgagee shall exercise such rights in terms of the Consent/Permission/NOC issued by
the Corporation.
(v) Without prejudice to the Corporation’s right to terminate the Agreement in case of default in
payment to the Corporation’s dues by the Allottee within the stipulated period, the Allottee
shall be liable to pay interest at the rate as determined by the Corporation time to time from
the due date to the actual date of payment.
(vi) In case the Allottee uses or attempts to use Said Land and/or structures thereon or any portion
thereof without the consent in writing of the Corporation for any purpose other than setting
up an industrial unit for ‘…………………………….’, it shall be lawful for the Corporation
after giving 60 days notice in writing to the Allottee to be sent by registered post with
acknowledgement due at the latest address of the Allottee as per available record to re-enter
upon the Said Land and premises or any part thereof in the name of the whole and thereupon
this Agreement shall cease and stand terminated, without prejudice to any other rights of the
Corporation.
(vii) In case the Allottee fails or neglects to pay/reimburse rent, the yearly Maintenance/Service
Charges, and/or interest due thereon the yearly rent/land revenue, cess hereby reserved or
any part thereof and allow the same to fall in arrear, the Corporation shall, in addition to its
rights and authorities to terminate the grant under these presents as also under the law, be at
8
liberty to realize the same as arrear of land revenue/public demand under the provisions of
WBIIDC Act, 1974 and/or Bengal Public Demand Recovery Act, 1913; without prejudice to
any other rights of the Corporation.
(viii) In case the Allottee fails to pay the Yearly/Quarterly Maintenance/ Service Charges, Land
Revenue, Cess and / or other impositions and / or other charges and / or interest due thereon
payable in terms of these presents and / or otherwise payable or any part thereof within the
fixed and stipulated time for the payment thereof, whether legally demanded or not, or if any
covenant on the Allottee’s part herein contained shall not be performed and observed or if the
Allottee shall become bankrupt or if winding up order is made against the Allottee or a
Receiver is appointed over its assets, it shall be lawful for the Corporation after giving thirty
days’ notice in writing to the Allottee to be sent by registered post with acknowledgement
due at the latest address of the Allottee as per available record to re-enter upon the said
Premises or any part thereof in the name of the whole and thereupon this Agreement shall
stand terminated, without prejudice to any other rights of the Corporation.
(ix) If the Corporation fails to execute the lease in relation to the Said Land due to circumstances
beyond its control, it will have the option to terminate this Agreement and refund back the
entire amount of premium received from the Allottee. The Allottee may also remove
structures, constructions, fencing etc. without causing any damage to the Said Land. Provided
that the Corporation shall not execute any such conveyance deed until it is paid the
consideration money mentioned herein.
(x) The premium paid by the Allottee is charged on a provisional basis in as much as actual cost of
the Said Land could not be calculated. The Corporation will be at liberty to recover the
balance amount even after payment mentioned hereinabove is made, and the Allottee
undertakes to pay the same within 30 days from the date when final cost is notified to the
Allottee. In case of delay, the Allottee will have to pay interest at the rate as determined by
the Corporation time to time for the additional amount for the period of delay.
(xi) The Allottee has the right to surrender the Said Land in favour of the Corporation due to any
reason. Upon such surrender of the said land by the Allottee and after receiving possession of
the Said Land by the Corporation, the Corporation shall refund the Lease Premium to the
Allottee without interest after deducting, a portion of Lease Premium paid, as per norms of
the Corporation and realization of outstanding dues of the Corporation, if any, towards User’s
Charges, Lease Rent and other charges, if any, and without prejudice to any other right or
rights of the Corporation. In addition to the above, any damage causing loss of the allotted
land/space is made; the Corporation will be at liberty to realize the said loss on adjustment
from the refundable amount in all the cases.
(xii) The Allottee will as soon as gets insured the building, structures built in the allotted land by
any Insurance Company having office in Kolkata, shall insure in the joint names that includes
this Corporation. The Allottee shall produce, when requested, the relevant papers of such
insurance and copies of payment receipts of premium last paid.
9
(xiii) The Corporation can terminate these presents i.e. this “Agreement to Lease”, if the Allottee
fails to pay any dues to the Corporation in due time, or any of the covenants herein contained
are not complied with by the Allottee or any breach of terms occur at the end/instance of the
Allottee, the Corporation can cause the Allottee evicted from the said allotted land in
accordance with the provisions of the West Bengal Government Premises (Tenancy
Regulation) Act, 1976 or under West Bengal Public Land (Eviction of Unauthorised
Occupants) Act, 1962 or under any other law for the time being in force, without prejudice to
any other right(s) and / or remedies that may be available to the Corporation.
(xiv) Any notice required to be given to the Allottee hereunder may be served on the Allottee by
sending the same through the Registered Post with Acknowledgement Due addressed to the
Allottee at the last known address recorded with the Corporation and shall be deemed to have
been duly served on the Allottee at the time at which such registered letter would in the
ordinary course be delivered to the addressee.
(xv) Any dispute pertaining to this agreement and issues relating to allotment of land that requires
judicial settlement, shall be sole and exclusive jurisdiction of competent courts in Kolkata
only.
THE SCHEDULE ‘A’ ABOVE REFERRED TO:
ALL THAT piece and parcel of land situated at Mouza: ….., JL. No. ….., Sheet No. … under P.S.
……, Dist. ……….. containing an area of more or less ……… acres comprised of lay out plot no.
‘…..’ according to the Master Plan of ……….. Industrial Growth Centre of the Corporation
(WBIIDC), as shown in the map annexed hereto.
Butted and Bounded on the
North by
:
……………………………..
South by
:
……………………………..
East by
:
……………………………..
West by
:
……………………………..
10
THE SCHEDULE ‘B’ ABOVE REFERRED TO:
(Particulars of Annual Lease Rent to be paid)
‘Annual Rent’ for a land measuring ....... acres allotted in the year 2015 is calculated below:
*(In Case of land below 5 acres)
Sl. No.
Rate
Time Period
i.
Rs. 1000.00 per acre per year
Year 2012 to Year 2041
ii.
Rs. 1500.00 per acre per year
Year 2042 to Year 2071
iii.
Rs. 2000.00 per acre per year
Year 2072 to Year 2101
iv.
Rs. 3000.00 per acre per year
Year 2102 to Year 2110
OR
*(In Case of 5 acres < Land Size < 25 acres)
‘Lease Rent’ for a land size of ...... acres allotted in the year 2015 is calculated below:
Period
Annual LR
per yr per
acre
Annual LR for ... acres
of land
Years
1st-10th yr
1000
..... x 1000 = ........../-
2015-2024
11th -20th yr
1100
..... x 1100 = ........./-
2025-2034
21st -30th yr
1210
..... x 1210 = ........./-
2035-2044
31st -40th yr
2000
......x 2000 = ......../-
2045-2054
41st -50th yr
2200
.......x 2200 = ......../-
2055-2064
51st -60th yr
2420
......x 2420 = ........../-
2065-2074
61st -70th yr
4000
...x  4000 = ........../-
2075-2084
71st -80th yr
4400
...x  4400 = ........./-
2085-2094
81st -90th yr
4840
...x  4840 = ........../-
2095-2104
91st -99th yr
6000
....x 6000 = ......../-
2105-2114
11
OR
*(In Case of Land Size above 25 acres)
‘Lease Rent’ for a land size of ....... acres allotted in the year 2015 is calculated below:
Period
Annual LR per
yr per acre
Annual LR for ... acres
of land
Years
1st-10th yr
1000
..... x 1000 = ........./-
2015-2024
11th -20th yr
1200
..... x 1200 = ........../-
2025-2034
21st -30th yr
1440
..... x 1440 = .........../-
2035-2044
31st -40th yr
4000
..... x 4000 = .........../-
2045-2054
41st -50th yr
4800
..... x 4800 = .........../-
2055-2064
51st -60th yr
5760
..... x 5760 = .........../-
2065-2074
61st -70th yr
8000
..... x 8000 = .........../-
2075-2084
71st -80th yr
9600
..... x 9600 = .........../-
2085-2094
81st -90th yr
11520
..... x 11520 = ........./-
2095-2104
91st -99th yr
12000
..... x 12000 = ........./-
2105-2214
IN WITNESS WHEREOF the Corporation and the Allottee have executed these presents
the day month and year first above written.
SIGNED AND DELIVERED on behalf of the
West Bengal Industrial Infrastructure
Development Corporation by it’s Secretary ………………..
at Kolkata
in the presence of :
1. ………………….
THE SEAL OF THE Allottee has hereto been
Affixed and these presents have been signed
by ……………………..……………………..
Director/Authorised Officer vide Board Resolution dated ……………
In presence of
2. …..……………